arrived quickly and has been working perfectly for months since i received it
bought this charger a few days ago. the micro usb plug fits tight like it should. and the plug in the lighter fits tight as well so it doesn't come loose.  i like the lighted motorola emblem so i can see that it is charging.
charges your phone. as it should. pretty quick too.
i love the way it lights up and i know that it's at work.
my best charger
ok , fit my iphone
works great, and charges galaxy s3 quickly.
works great. charges my phone. yay!
works like the reall thing. not super fast, but good consistent charge.
got this for my dad to replace his car charger from wal ****.  he loves this one.  says it's much heavier and better quality and charges faster.  i have no personal interaction with it, but he loves it.
this is the third time i bought this charger because it's so great. i've given it to family and friends. charges phone way faster than the plug in wall chargers do and is very sleek looking.
works very good. use it in my crv honda with no problems. i would recommend it any one who needs one.
this charger works well and has lasted, even being tossed around in the mess that is my car.  i have had after market chargers that were junk, and this one is as good as any $30 charger i have purchased.  i highly recommend it.
not only foes it look cool, it charges really fast. i love how if i'm only in my car for 30 minutes it can save my day with a good charge
this is the second one i have bought. i still use mine in my jeep, this one is for the wife's car. it glows blue and has never failed me. great price as well.
can't beat the price for an oem product.  exactly as advertised and worked with my cliq.
arrived on time and in new condition. would definitely buy from this store again. no bad marks from me.top quality.
for an oem product, this was really inexpensive and works perfectly. well built and should last a long time. probably sells in phone stores for 3 times what they go for on amazon.
price beats all local stores for sure. the blue light illuminates off of this charger looks so awesome. i have blue leds in my vehicle and this makes it look perfect. charges pretty quick. i'm usually at 100% charge by the time i get to any destination.
this is a great charger for nexus 4. has the correct specs for the phone and look great! good quality.
lights up blue,charges fast,its a moto what else do you want? great for the price and sold by amazon too
charged my phone in a matter of minutes. very impressed and def cheaper than purchasing from my phone store. they tried charging my $29.95!
can't beat this for the price and very good build quality. and the blue light adds a nice glow,why pay more.works perfectly on my htc evo and girlfriends samsung epic 4 g.  bottom line i highly recommend this charger,also want to add that i purchased mine from amazon.
this does everything that it is said to do. havent had any issues with it to date. works like a charm.
this charger is pretty awesome for under 10 bucks. its durable and lights up really nice when you plug it in. haven't had any problems so far and i've had it for about 3 months.
works as advertised. cord feels thick and well made.nothing else to say (why require so many words to write reviews?)
works great totally kept up with my galaxy nexus during a long long road trip using gps and online audiobook streaming.
i swear.this thing charges faster than even the oem samsung chargers! i use it for my s3 in my car. amazing product!
works great! charges as fast as i wanted. the blue led is fairly noticeable so if you don't want a blue glow at night this may not be for you.
this charger charges my phone really fast. used with samsung galaxy s3, nexus 5, s4. work flawlessly. great if you use gps on your phone. this charger can charge phone while gps is being used.
always charges my galaxy s2 quickly.  i've had navigation, music, and web surfing going on all at once, and it still charges.  great charger!
it was exactly what it said it was, build quality is much better than the price would indicate!! it charges the phone very well, and the blue light looks nice in the car as well  thanks again!!
works well, blue light is cool. i don't know why my adapter in my bmw is in the center console/compartment/arm rest, but the cover won't close with this plugged in. not really a big deal, but just have to remember to unplug it or otherwise risk breaking it
bought two of these.  very nice, well made.all the plugs fit nicely too.  i like the power light as it is very quick to see if it is plugged in.  like it!
i needed a charger for a droid 2 and found this on amazon.  it is well made and charges the phone quickly, i'm very happy with it.
not much to say other than it works great!  i do like how this charger sticks out from the outlet more than most and lights up.  i've had 2 of this model now and i have no complaints what so ever about them.
have two of these    one in each of our vehicles. they work. not sure what else can be said. like how they light up when power is connected and have a clip to hold them for traveling.
i bought this for my boyfriend's birthday and he loves it.  it charges his phone (a motorola) quickly and he highly recommends it to other motorola users.  i have used it occasionally on my samsung s3 and it has worked very well with it too.
this unit has more power output than others i have used. it will charge a nexus 4 or galaxy s4.
i have had this charger before and my wife needed one, so we got the same thing.  it works great, no problems and charges pretty quickly.
charger works fine in my car. i don't use it too often but it was cheap and does its job.
unlike some others who have reviewed this charger, i like the blue indicator light. it reminds me whether the charger is plugged in. it also matches my ambient lighting inside my car! lol. seriously though, it does the job and is a great value!
works great and charges quicker than my old car charger i bought from best buy. would recommend to anyone that can use this type of charger. arrived quickly too.
not much that hasn't been said already, but this charger works great with the nexus one and since it has a near 1amp output rating, it will keep charging the battery even when you're doing intensive things such as nav and bluetooth music playing.
just like it says, it is rapid to charge your phone. the price you pay for it and speed it charges it was well worth it.
great charger, use it for my note 2 and it gets the job done. came exactly as pictured. genuine motorola product.
works great! no problems with delivery, it was delivered fast. very convenient, short stretch cord. motorola design lights up when plugged in. charges phones pretty fast. great product overall.
great and works fine with my iphone and ipad. carry it in my car at all times. great price! thanks.
very nice product. worked with my blackberry bold so i have no complaints and it fits in the socket nice and snug.
well made and blows away all the cheap no names!,nice rubbery feel, thicker wire, well made productnow using on my google nexus 5, works great
what more can i say except this is an oem car charger at a super cheap price.  can't go wrong.
works great!  mine took about 8 days to get to me from eforcity, but not a big deal.  great price at under $7.50 shipped.
excellent charger. gave some to friends as a gift, because they could not find a device to meet their needs. if you use your phone in your car, with gps and other services running, this is the charger you want.
i have had this charger for a few years now and love it. just bought another as a gift for a friend.
it is working great with samsung exhibit 2 4g. very good value. cheap and good. highly recommended for you car.
why pay $20+ at the store when you can get it for so much cheaper online? this is a must for phones these days and is a quality product.pros cheap qualitycons none
definitely a much higher quality product than i was expecting.  the charging is a little slow but the convenience of it is whats important.  it's also a great cosmetic improvement.
the circular part glows a bright led blue when plugged in    pretty flashy for me, but it's a good product.
i have paid the delivery charge for this charger double the amount of its charge and know what it is totally very good(vasul) .
charges my phone nicely. nice price, delivered quickly.  i am now able to charge my phone in the car faster than it uses power.
this product is a quick charger for any android phone. the only issue i have with this product is the led blue light is extremely bright. i put a piece of tape oaround the handle and it has blocked out the majority of the light.
great quality and price.  it has functioned perfectly and held together well.not like a lot of the cheap knockoffs that are being sold these days.
does what is says.purchased this as i couldn't stomach the verizon price for auto chargers.  this was a oem charger, that works as advertised for a great price.
this charger has worked and is still working for both my samsung galaxy s2 and s4. it works as described. i would definitely recommend it and would buy from this seller again.
built solid and charges fast.it charges my cell phone about twice as fast as my old charger.the blue light is a little brightat night.
i have use this with many different items, phone and the like.  this works great, the quality is top notch.
charger works like it should and has all the marking to show it is a motorola charger.  cord is a good length.
i am so glad that i purchased the motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger. it is just what i needed and it isn't big and bulky which makes it difficult to plug it into the outlet. i am very pleased with my investment.
very convenient and works all the time.i bought two of them and they came in handy during long trips while working up the phones.
i always order this charger. great for the price. works well for several months. the charger doesn't look bad either.
another great purchase.  wish they made one for iphone.  wife uses it for samsung galaxy 3.  overall great product. thanks
works great, it kind of looks elegant, and the best thing is that it not only works on motorola phones, but in all phones that charge with microusb.
great quality for the price. the size was a lot smaller then i thought really happy with this purchase. i totally recommend it!
this is a great adapter that's pretty fast.  the cord is long enough to charge the phone and fit inside of the console.  the only thing i wish is that it was available in a variety of colors.
feels very well built, charges the phone well.  the blue light in the base can be a bit annoying at night, but i guess that depends on where your charger socket is.
nice charger, blue light is not too bright   just right to let you know power is on. would buy again.
i have been using this charger for a year and it still has not broken! better than those generic chargers. by the way, this charger is motorola brand, but it charges all devices that have the micro usb port. great product!
motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate chargercool blue light  charging vehicle adapter .great product , a must buy for long drive : )
this is the best solution for samsung/similar phone car chargers. it charges about 1% per minute. it is as is. rapid charger
product seems to be very well made and has been working non stop for quite some time. great idea and well implemented. not a cheap build, but rather very solid. highly recommended.
cant beat the price for a name brand motorola car charger. does what it supposed to do. no complaints here.
paid $3.56 for a motorola oem charger. works great on my blackberry 9630 and droid x. i will highly recommend this. came pretty quick also.
this is by far the best car charger i've ever used. it charges my galaxy s4 extremely fast, has a good look and quality feel to it and for the price there is absolutely no better micro usb car charger out there!
fast delivery. charger charges device fast, it is durable and very cool design. very cool charger for the price. would choose this every time
great product, exactly what i needed   especially for the price!!!  charges all of my devices in a fairly fast speed!
this was a great purchase, item is priced at a great price, they offered very fast delivery   thank you for this item!  it is going to make my husband happy to receive for christmas!
this is the 3rd one that we have bought and it works really well.  it charges pretty fast.  we bought more for the other cars.
i have made a great buy for this article.  while in other places charge $20 to $25 for an original charger i got here in less than $10.
wire bungy keeps cord from snagging on everything and the charge is fast!  i would recommend this but just make sure you buy the motorola one, not the knock off.
this car charger is great! charges fast and looks nice. really like the coiled cable. fits nicely and really does the job.
this charger charges my phone quickly. it worked so well i got my wife one to use. plus it gives ambient lighting at night in your car
works with htc evo and samsung galaxy s3 and charges at 950ma rate.  can't tell the difference between using this and the stock 1a charger that comes with either phone!
serves its purpose very well for the price. charges when i need it to and cheap enough to buy enough to go in all our vehicles.
a great deal.  the cord is longer than i expected.  been using for a month and it is perfect for my galaxy iii
works great and charges the phones very rapidly. i was in need of a micro usb charger and verizon wanted $30 for their charger.for $5, this is the genuine charger by motorola and looks even better than the verizon one. very good quality. no complaint whatsoever!
works great and the cool blue light is a nice cosmetic touch! motorola seems to always come through for me!
as most reviewers have already said these work well. not much more to say except that it needs to be said to satisfy the wordcount.
awesome!!!!!! best protection product i've ever owned for a cell phone.  still going strong.  the double wrap like casing has protected my phone from drops on carpet to concrete.  no scratches, no dents.
bought these to replace a charger that had died. these work better than their predecessor. the fact that there is a blue light helps make sure it is connected. had it now for three months and it works flawlessly (as something like this should).
charges my htc phone quickly and is priced right.  if your looking for a low cost, dependable charger, buy this one.
charges my phone rather quickly.  like the blue light that indicates it is indeed plugged in.  what an incredible value!!
charges super fast!  much better than the car charger that came with my phone.  i highly recommend it.  also i like the blue light.
charges very fast and even while on the phone. i've been looking for a charger that charged fast but i was really impressed when i found out it charges even when you're using your media and other apps
don't pay through the nose for a 12v micro usb car charger.  this works and is worth the price.  retail outlets have too much markup.
exactly what i needed.  very happy. meets expectations like a charger should do . i have had no problems with it.
for those concerned about fakes, the ones i got here look real.  they work well.  better than the original car chargers i'd gotten which were probably knock offs.
great product. i leave it in my truck for those times i need to power up my phone really quick.it does a great job.
great value if you spend a good amount of time on the phone throughout the day and want to charge while on the road home or generally when away from a power outlet.
have been using it for awhile now and it's been charging great. the blue light is a bit bright tho when driving in the car. we just cover it so it doesn't blind us.
i am very satified with my car charger. it charges fast and i know when it's connected because the blue light is on. i really recommend it, i am 100 percent satisfied
i bought it for my dad's car. its working fine so far. no problems what so ever. i recommend this item
i have bought 3 chargers online, and this was in the best quality, and not that more expensive than any of the others
i have had tons of problems with knock off mini usb cables. from now on i only buy oem cables for my electronics. on amazon they are just as cheap as the knock offs!
i keep buying these over and over for myself and anyone that gets a new phone. this is for the smaller flat usb style as opposed to the larger rectangular ones.
i really like this charger. it is very efficient, and the large blue light is great for verifying the phone is being charged. too, it is far more expensive looking than the actual cost suggests.
it actually charges my phone instead of just maintaining the battery level. keep in mind that i have a very small smart phone, but my boyfriend has a s3 and it charges his too.
it charges my phone just fine, thank you. my old charger had a light that indicated it worked but it was difficult to see. this one lights up blue so you can immediately see whether or not it's plugged in.
it charges relatively quickly.  what i like the most is the illuminated blue motorola logo, it lights up the dashboard at night.  nice touch.
i was a little concerned the blue light would be too bright, but it's not. also, the power draw when not connected to a phone is very minimal; i don't run into issues leaving it plugged in all the time. gotta love leds.
i wasn't sure if this would work or for how long because it was so inexpensive, but it works great and has been for almost a year.
love it!  cord is long enough that it doesn't pull.  verizon charger broke because it was too tense and short.
micro usb standardization makes this a great in car charger for my htc aria. i like the coiled cord. price is great through amazon.com.
much higher quality than the one that came with my verizon galaxy nexus phone. looks cool, works great. happy with purchase.
needed another car charger for my smartphone. i could not believe the price of this oem model. looks cool in the car with the blue led light that lets you know it is plugged in.
not too much to say about this. it charges my galaxy s3 with no problems. it has a cool blue light.
perfect. thank you. great item.  exactly as described.  would definitely buy again and surely will do so.  keep up the good work. this is a great value for the money.
perfect, works well with most smart phonesthis is a great if are always on the go and using your phone.
pros:  extended car use (1 year so far)  versatile charger (for multiple brands of phones)on the fence:  the blue light to denote that it's plugged in is bright blue at night and may be distracting to some drivers. others may like the brightness.
purchased for spouse and made sure cord didn't detach so pieces couldn't be separated & lost. works as should. it has a pretty blue light that stays lite while plugged in ( not sure what purpose it serves but just thought i throw that out there).
quick charging. looks great and works well for all my android devices. i bought one for my boss too. said it was &#34;way coo&#34;
so far a great charger! looks like the picture advertised. i am pleased enough that i have ordered another one for my truck.
the charger lights up when plugged in.  love this feature as i never have to guess if my phone is really charging or not.
the chargers work great with the note 2. i was surprised that it can keep the battery charged even while running navigation seeing as it's only 950ma output and the samsung chargers are 2.1 a.i can't believe how inexpensive they are!
the cord and body of this car adapter are much better than the typical car adaptor.only negative is the blue light when in use.most better adapters have a light so its not a complaint.cheap adaters hace a flimsy body and a tangling cord.
these chargers aren't made to last forever, and the price is indicative of that. however, while they do work, they are perfect. fast, reliable charging every time.
this charger is perfect!  it works great and it was a heck of a lot cheaper than buying it through verizon.
this charger looks so cool while charging and it was dirt cheap much better value than buying one from a store.
this charger works great on a droid x. charges quickly with no problems. looks to be original oem motoralla issue.
this charger works quick to charge my galaxy s4! much better than my last charger which took forever. i would definitely recommend it. it arrived within 2 days.
this was a great buy. it was half the price of any other quality charger that i could find. i know where to go if i ever need another one.
to answer the question i had, yes, it does charge my phone faster than the charger that came with my phone.  i keep it plugged in in my car and my phone is attached to always make sure i have a charge when i leave the car.
use it daily and i've had no issues. i like the blue light that indicates it's plugged in, nice big and blue with the motorola symbol.
we use this charger for all of our products that requires a micro usb. i have had it for the last 2 years and it consistently charges quickly and has worked on all of our devices.
why pay big money for a car charger when this one is great and is very well made.  at this price you can get one for all your vehicles and a spare for a back up.
worked wonderfully with my droid x. charged quickly. even had a fun blue glow when plugged in! would recommend. great price.
works great and for the price i got it for.beats the chargers they sell at the booths.
works great and looks neat. i bought 3: one for each of our three cars. great value. impossible to beat
works great no problems and such a great price! would buy another in a heartbeat if i ever lose this one.
works great. plugs in, lights up works great.  it was cheap too.  hope you will like it also.  have a nice day
works just like the charger in your home.  it's quick and gives you a full charge in no time at all.
i cannot believe this is so cheap! i love this charger. i used to use it all the time when i commuted to work. you would never expect this quality from the price.
i have ordered several of these chargers. the work very well with my android. also the cord is a nice length.
i wish i could say that this little device has made me rich and beautiful, but alas, it's a cheap cell phone car charger that works.
this charger is the best one i have ever bought. it charges really quick. i have had it for 5 months and it still works great.
this delivers   it charges my phone quickly, and the clear blue circle with the motorola &#34;m&#34; glows blue . nice!!!
we purchased 2 of these for our cars. my husband has a nexus 3 and i have a 4. it fits perfectly and charges our phones. it's not an extremely quick charge, but we haven't had any issues.
works great! i bought this after mistakenly buying a trickle charger with a retractable cord. this is sleek and puts the power to the device quickly. i can run pandora and google maps navigation and it still recharges at a rate faster than my device consumes.
charges my samsung nexus s correctly at the full charging rate (shown as "ac" rather than "usb" under the phone's status menu).
purchased this charger for my droid incredible. it works great. i noticed complaints in other reviews about the light being too bright at night. personally, i have light sensitivity issues and i didn't find the light to be too bright at all.
this works great. my droid does not hold a charge very long, so i need to keep it charging almost constantly.
these are the best micro usb chargers. i have 4 now, so i'm never without.  they have strong output, nice design, and the "blue glow" lets you know it's plugged in.
my order arrived quickly and i am very happy with it.  i bought this to replace an off brand charger that was not worth the time it took to order it.
this is not a motorola specific charger; it charges my samsung galaxy s2 as quickly as the oem changer from samsung.  construction is excellent, feels rugged, has a nice thick cord.  the blue led glow when it's plugged in is satisfyingly cool.
the blue light is nice to remind you when you have it in a continually on outlet so you do not run down the battery.  the blue color is very nice also.
it does what is suppose to do. i wish the cable is bit longer, but otherwise it is very good product
this is my second one of these and they're terrific. very sturdy and will last. i like the purplish light that tells me it's connected.  great price!
l will keep this short and simple.the droid two is power hungry so you need a carcharger.this one works great and costs a fraction of the retail price at verizon.you are getting great value for the price.
this car charger works perfectly with my droid 2 and charges quickly.  my drive to work is about 30 minutes and i can go from 40% battery to 80% in that time easily.  and it's super cheap! buy this, don't support wireless stores selling $30 chargers.
it charges my phone faster than my home charger. delivery was fast. feels cheap though. but it works. as to how long it last. we will have to wait and see.
we need these daily and they work fine for us. no problems yet of any kind. quick to charge when you really need them up and useful.
bought this as a gift for my dad, who was convinced it was ok to buy one for $20 at the local cell phone retailer. can't beat the price here and it does the job great.
it works like it's suppose to! i have had no problems out of it & i love the blue light!
this motorola micro usb charger works like it should. i don't see anything &#34;rapid&#34; about it but plugging it in gives you a nice blue illumination and the cord although taught is nice that it retracts.
i bought two of these for me & my husband moto x phone. they are perfect. charges good and very pretty. the blue motorola handle lights up when charging your phone. great for the money.
works excellent,  love that it lights up when it is plugged in, no more guessing if the connection is there.  thank you!
i was hoping for a faster charger, this one doesnt have blazing speed but it does its job and looks cool. plus i got it for a fair price. i would buy again.
it hooks our nokia lumia 928's up to the car just great.  i like the design   the curly phone cord helps it stay tidy.
i loved this charger so much that i bought a second one to have in my boat!  fits many different phones.
i've had this for a year and a half and it is still going strong.  the cord is nice and long so it can stretch where you need it to go, but the coil keeps it from being in the way.
the arrival of this item was shipped within days. i haven't had a problem with the charger since. great item for a great deal!
it works like it's supposed to, and it was cheap.  the quality is a bit astonishing for the price. perfection.
a great charger to replace my old one.  it stays firmly in the port and does not come out when stretching the cord out.  perfect for long or short distance travel!
we ordered 2 of these for both of our smart phones. i have a droid razr and my husband has a dna, finally a charger that puts out enough power to charge these phones quiclkly!!!
fast shipping, works great! this is exactly what is described in the description. i have been using it for about 2 months now and i have no problems with it.
this product has a very good quality and works perfectly. i used it for a very long trip and had no problem at all. i love the glowing motorola logo!
looks and is great, charges very fast and is very durable. got it faster than expected. will use it everyday to charge my cell while on the road.
can't beat the price for the charger.  does what it is supposed to do and doesn't cost what you would be paying if you went to any mobile store.
the motorola micro usb car charger is outstanding!  my unit arrived as promised and works great!  unlike many cheap aftermarket units, this charger is well built and pleasing to the eye with the cool blue light.  i would certainly buy this unit again.
keeps cord from just dangling in the floorboard when not in use and charges very very fast. i purchased one for all my vehicles i looked it so much.
love this cell phone charger. i've bought about 4 now for friends, family, and myself. have never had a problem, and works every time. the blue led light is a nice touch.
don't waste your money at a retail phone store. this charger is actually great, and so far its been about 2 months and it still works. unlike when i got my past car chargers from verizon stores which always seem to have a short life span.
what's there to say?  it charges my android well.  i reccommend this one because the build quality seems better than others.  i want this charger to last me a while.
the chargers are working great with no problems.  i have had them for about 6 months. retail stores want 19.99 and up for their chargers.  glad i made the purchase.
the product does charge fast and i use it only for emergencies, because using car charger can damage the battery, but when you need a fast charge, this product will deliver
great charger for my samsung galaxy s4. very high quality charger. it also has a very long cord which makes it convenient.
charges my phone. not really much to say about it. does it's job well. have no regrets. three more words.
the accumulator rectifier works perfectly. no problem. magnificent design. it is very happy. cool blue light, very well made, good price.
works great, never had a single problem with it, charges fast. i've used it for multiple phones and never had a problem.
no problems with this charger   works great! i was a little doubtful, with such a low price, that it would be a good quality charger. no need to worry, it works perfectly!
the little blue light that glows when it's on looks neat because it projects onto the clear panel and it almost looks like some sort of futuristic led light and that's neat.  i like the curly cord, and it charges fast.
my favorite thing about this charger is that it works.  the blue light is pretty neat although sometimes annoying. just make sure you fulley unplug it because otherwise it will blink a lot. i tried just slightly unplugging it so that the light turned off but it didn't work.
works, and stays out of the way.  it charges quickly, although i can't say it's any faster than any other adapter that i've used because i've never paid attention to how long it took things to charge.
it's a charger and does what it's suppose to do.  i buy all of my phone accessories on amazon   other places are a rip off.  if it charges my phone and i don't have to pay $30, i'm good with that.
good quality and fast charge. glad i took the time to read the reviews before i purchased. i would recommend this product.
this charger works great with my htc evo! great price and fast shipping! i have not had any problems so far and i am very happy with this purchase  
works perfect, no problems. like that it lights up when on.
cheap. received it in less than 48 hours. powerful trusted charger. what's not to like? nice charger for my htc evo 4g!
i've been using this over 2 years now, i've changed 3 phones so far and tried 5 more other chargers and this is yet the fastest one. a must have!
i got this product within 4 days of ordering. great charger and i am saying this after trying many other brands and chargers. it is very stable and doesnt pop out like many other chargers i have tried. works great on my droid x.
needed a phone charger for my new phone, but wasn't going to pay $30 at the at&t store.  saw it here for only $5.  it work's fine and got in only a few days.
we wanted a second cord for the second car and this one works just great for us, easy to get ahold of to push in or remove.  we like the quality.
this is exactly the same as the one in retail, only less.  i really like it.  plan to reorder one for my other car.
this is the best fastest charger i have ever had. i have galaxy s3 and this charges it superfast! very reliable. i love it!
this product is great it gets the job done and it has a cool blue light. unlike other car chargers i've had it seems durable.
worked well and charges my droid incredible in the car.the fit of the micro usb is good.the blue led as well. is nice i guess.
fits perfectly in my power outlet, is compatible with my android as described.  charges phone pretty efficiently.  small enough to be able to keep in console or glove compartment when not using.
price was right and needed car charger. works fine. like that it is motorola to match my phone  not some knockoff and the price was reasonable.
works great! feels like it is well built and will last. good product made by motorola. great price as well!
works well and have not had a problem with it so far! blue light is neat and definitely worth the price.
it worked how i thought it would and i have had no problems with it yet not to mention it was pretty affordable too.
bought three of these to use with various phones and it works well with every one.  also has a nice blue led where the logo is.
just as described, and am rally pleased with it.  charges my phone pretty quick in the car and i also like that it lights up when plugged in.
wow, amazon, this is the most unbelievable power cord ever.  i plug it into my car's power and into my rechargeable device and, like magic, my device charges.  what else can be said?
this product is great. its a name brand product and it works wonderfully. the cord is as long as it needs to be and it charges my phone rather quickly! i love it.
it works great. i have had it for about 2 months now. this one sustain the phone power, and also charge the battery as well. it works on all android phones. highly recommended!
works like it is supposed to. i have been using this in my car for a while now and i have no complaints. i will be buying one for my daughter when she starts driving.
works exactly like it says. charges my galaxy s3 very quickly. i also like the fact that the see through circle turns blue.
this is my second purchase of this item   one for me and one for my wife.  works great, in new condition   does it's job.
i just received the product in the mail, and so far, it works just fine.  the blue led is pretty neat and the charger looks relatively durable.  sweet deal for a couple bucks.
ot(on target) as advertised surpassed my expectation.you should buy i only had it for a few weeks. so far so good
i just hope it had an extra usb plug so you can use it for 2 devices.overall the item is really high quality micro usb charger
i bought this charger to use in our van. we charge our droid razr and droid bionic with it. so far, it works great!
works great for my driod x, did not try it yet on the bionic but appears it is compatible, nice looking charger too. it lights up blue when plugged in. would definitely recommend to motorolla smart phone users.
i bought this for htc droid incredible and one for my friend's galaxy s2. working great for both devices and last longer. cheaper and love this product.
glows blue. body is a little long for adapters that are inside of a glovebox or center console. charges pretty rapidly. order from reputable buyers to make sure you get a real one with the motorola hologram sticker. i hear the knockoffs are no good.
i should have known this charger earlier. i have tried several f*** charger for my nokia e73, but they all didn't work. this motorola is beautiful, and works perfectly with nokia e71, it fits real tight in the nokia's port.
this product has worked wonderfully since i received it.  definitely worth the price and will look on amazon for future purchases.
i bought this for htc evo 4g. i like the blue light on this car charger and it charges my phone just fine would recommend.
i have one of these for each of my cars. i have been using them for over six months, and so far, they are working great.
i bought this from amazon, make sure it is shipped and sold by amazon not one of their sellers. amazon sells the actual oem product it is not a knock off or replica but a actual motorola charger. great price also. i loved it so much i bought 2 more.
i love this charger! it does charge my phone considerably faster than my old car charger (samsung brand). i have a samsung galaxy sii and this charger works perfectly for it. i also love the indicator light so i know the charger is on and functional.
awesome price and is still working months later.i have had a lot of issues with car chargers in the past breaking after not much use.was not the case with this one i love it
this charger worked perfectly for my pantech crux multimedia phone. it charges quickly and has a convenient clip to snap the cord together so there's not a long curly cord all over your car to get caught on everything. great product and you can't beat the price!
this charges my phone faster than my wall charger! i can leave my house with 5% battery and get to work (35 min drive) and have ~60 70% battery! i've had it for almost two years and it is still going strong.
i wanted to have a car charger for my new g2, considering how quickly these smartphones loose charge and this charger ascended to that task. it does what it claims to do and has a soft blue light to indicate that it is powered on. a no brainer really.
the best car charger out there, i've had others but they aren't as good.this car charger charges quick! thanks!
works great with my lg optimus s! it came earlier than expected and charges fast. it was worth it for the money.
well constructed motorola charger with  blue led which just adds a little atmosphere.  what more can you say about a pretty straight forward object.
my old charger wouldn't hold in place any longer, so i ordered this from my phones app  it arrived very quickly, in perfect condition,  price was excellent and shipping was minimally priced   perfect!
it is a very good looking charger especially when plugged in. i would recommend this because the way the cord is made, keeps it from getting in the way.
i own a droid incredible and this mini usb charger works with it just fine.  i have owned it for 2 months and have had no problems so far.
these charger hold up better than any other car charger you can get for this price. i've had 3 now and as a rough user, it takes me about a year to wear each one out   which by the way, is pretty dang good
stable unit, works well. has lasted several months so far, which is more than i can say for the cheaper models i have used in the past.
does exactly what it says. charges my galaxy s2 fast and efficiently. the blue glowlight is no where near as annoying as i thought it was going to be. it gives a mellow blue glow to the cab at night. very pleased. buy it.
works just they way it supposed to! i bought this after seeing one of my friend's using it in his car.
a very good buy when you need a car charger it provides all the essentials with a very long cord.
it works and still working from day one. i am happy with this purchase. keep it up! will recommend it without a heart beat!!!
i always have problem with chargers breaking and so far i have had this one for several months and it still works great. i would highly recommend this for the price and quality.
looks fancy , most importantly works flawlessly , i use it on my samsung galaxy s4 , mostly when im using the gps with at&t . its able to keep the phone running full power and adds some charge , ive been using it for 10 months now ,,, perfect
this charger works perfectly with our motox phone.delivered on time and in perfect condition.  since our phone is a motorola product, i like the blue light with the m displayed.
i bought two of these, one for my droid 2 and one for my wife's omnia ii.they work perfectly and i have piece of mind knowing it is a motorola product and held to some standards.  the price was ridiculous compared to the verizon store.
long term success 2 plus years it did what it said it do, what more do you expect.  don't know what else to say they just making me fill in lines.
charging cord works perfect!  everyone should buy one because my new droid sucks juice out of the battery sooooo fast.especially when i am on 4g.  i wish the cord wasn't coiled so tight, but that is easy to deal with considering how useful the charging cord is.
i would highly recommend this affordable accessory to have easily available for charging on the road! cords stay neat and easily available and compact.
bought three and all three work well.  no complaints.  a good price.  the little light up feature lets you know it's plugged in.  about all i can say about them.
i tell everyone about what a great deal i got on these chargers. i bought one for myself and one for my wife. my phone is htc and her's is a samsung. it works perfectly for both.
i first purchased this product a year ago and it has been working great. recently, my mother needed a new charger so i once again purchased a second one. this charger is so worth the $7
i bought three of these chargers. all arrived quickly. all in perfect condition. they work great. what a deal! i would not hesitate to buy again.
these seems to be real motorola chargers, with the exact power that is needed for my droid 4.  why pay verizon so much more when you can get these so cheaply here?
great value. much better than i expected. very very pleased. round loop glows a bright blue when charging. did not know that
we wanted a phone charger in our car, and we hard excellent service, fast, there are absolutely nothing negative to say about my purchase and delivery time . thanks  
this is a smart looking adapter with a cool blue light that gives me a clear indication it has power.  i like the longer cord than what i used to have. the supplier delivered it quickly which was a plus.  i would buy again from this supplier.
these things are the exact same ones you get at the phone shop for $25. they cost 5 bucks from here.
nothing special here other than the faint blue glow when plugged in. the quality is good, and it just works.  i have had this working in my car for 9 months now with no problems.  much better than many other car chargers i have owned.
good gadget. have higher power than normal charger.
excellent quality. this charges his phone much faster than his bootleg charger he got from some ebay auction.thank you amazon!
charges my samsung galaxy s3 quickly. high quality material. cheap price. nifty clear plastic that turns blue with motorola logo when plugged in. only downside is no second usb charging port, but i can live without it.
this charger works great on a sprint evo. i've purchased two of them and both have a great quality build. the blue light is nice. at under $5 would recommended to anyone.
it's in my vehicle and i use it often. no problems at all. i like the blue light that shows it is plugged in.
came on timecharges fastit still works fine after a yeari don't really have anythig to complain out
works like a charm.  i've had one of these before and broke it, so i always go back to this one!
i use this item every day on my htc inspire.  works perfectly.  i can get up to 20 % charge in twenty minutes.  highly recommend.
great product for a great price! use it to charge my s3 and it seems to work just fine! ok
for the price this is great, works great, charges phone as it should, charges in car very easily. i would buy again. fits in phone i have an android iii.
even the blue light makes it look fancier! it charges my motorola cellphones and it even works on my sister's old flip flop phone. great purchase!
bought this for a nokia n900, at the suggestion of other users.  works very well (though i wish the cord were slightly longer. oh well).
why would anyone spend more money than this on a charger? this one works perfectly, and the blue light accent looks pretty nice! don't spend more than you have to.
seems to be a perfect car charger for the droid 2 and droid x phones i got. cord seems to be longer than my previous car charger so that was nice. very satisfied with this product and recommend to others.
got it for a good price, and i've had it four a couple years. no issues with burning out or the cord wearing out.
this is an excellent product, works great, charges very quick, and lasts a long time.  i bought three for various friends.
you can never have too many charging cords when multiple persons have the same phone.  i like the circle that lights up when in use.
i use this charger all the time, and it is going strong! it charges my phone at an impressive pace, and keeps it charged pretty well. i am very pleased with my purchase and will buy another, when i inevitably break/lose this one.
works great and charges faster than original home charger. the nicest thing is that is very cheap. i have seen other people saying theirs did not come with the original motorola sticker. mine did. i am very pleased with the product.
i ordered this as a gift for one of my coworkers because her phone is constantly dying.  this works great she absolutely loves it!
these are the best chargers i have used. i am hard on my chargers and with extensive use have had no problems. the cheaper ones would stop working after a month but this has worked for the last six months.
everywhere else wanted almost 30$ for this! it is the exact same one they sell at verizon! excellent!!!
bought this for my new car and i love it, doesn't everything it should and i love the blue glow light. works perfect with my htc inspire and i feel like it charges way faster then in a reguar wall charger
update 11/2012   charger continues to work well. no complaints, would by again.==========item as described, has a nice solid fit in the socket (not all do) and the cord length is longer than others i've used.  i would recommend to others.
works as it should and has a blue light in it that gives a nice glow to the cabin of my car.  gives it the upscale look that many of the newer luxury cars are moving toward.
it does seem to charge my phone faster than a standard wall adapter.  great price, and i might buy another!
this is one of the best car chargers i've owned and at a great price. it is very sturdy plugged in  and the fit to phone is tight and secure. i have an evo 3d
bought the car charger and it is working perfect way better that verizon's over priced charger very good buy  
we use cell phone chargers a lot, this particular charger is the best i have found yet.i highly recommend it.
this is a great charger. i use it about 4 times a week and it is still running strong. buy it
i love it. this charger charged my nexus in a little under an hour from completely dead. it is perfect the best charger ive had. shipping was very fast too. i will be ordering another one for my girls car so she is never without.
what can i say the quality  is first class and is exactly as described. i would recommend the charger to any one. when you going prime you never need to worry as the back up the products.
the charger works well.  the lit indicator during use shows you that it is charging.  it is not excessively large.
this works better than the other one's i have had in the past.  i enjoy the lighted area that let's me know apparatus is charging.  lightweight, yet durable.
works perfectly with my samsung galaxy ii. no problems and you can't beat the price. great buy. fast shipping. love the blue light
this is a must have product for people on the go.  don't ever get caught again with a dead battery away from home.  it works perfectly with my droid razr m.
this charger works as expected on both of our phones (htc one and a droid razr).  definitely worth the price.
better made than most. easy to grip and glow light shows clearly when it is connected to car receptacle.  will only use this model if ever need another.
awesome motorola charger charges phone fast and it's well worth the money, cheaper than buying from the cell phone stores.
good solid charger, needed one that produced enough current to charge my smartphone, and this fits the bill. much cheaper than the phone shop too!
this is very good item for the price you pay. have been using for long time and works great. will advice to buy this.
it is sturdy for daily use and made of thick plastic. the end that plus into the phone is well reinforced . the wire and insulation is thick and resist stretching and child back up.great for the price
works perfect came in, in 2 days. i leave it plugged into my car all day and night. never had any problems would definitely suggest this to anyone look for a car charger and you cant beat the price either.
i really like the blue light, lets me know the phone is charging. i would recommend this to anyone. every time i get in someones car i bring this charger with me.
excellent product for a great price. works perfectly fine and i love the blue light with motorola symbol at night in my car.  
had this for about a month and it works great. doesnt charge as quickly as other chargers i have used but gets the job done
i have bought this charger twice now and thats only because the first one i purchased lasted longer then the store bought one i had previously purchased.  works great, no problems
this charger works well.  the cord is long enough to work in my minivan that has an adapter low to the floor of the car.
charges samsung galaxy s3 without any problems.  easy to tell if connected properly to the lighter outlet due to blue light
have actually ordered 3 of these now for the wife and me both as extras for multiple vehicles. for the price you cannont best this car charger!
this charger literally smokes all others. my output read 880    about the same as a wall outlet/charger    and this thing charges my galaxy siii in no time what so ever. a must have if you travel a lot of use your bluetooth audio in your car.
i have a palm pre that will barely charge with the standard auto adapters. this one will recharge the phone in less than an hour. its sturdy and reasonably priced.
great charger, great price not much else you can say about a charger it works or it don't this one works
if you have a smart phone you know as well as i do the battery do not last that long. this item will keep your phone charge for a adequate  time to take care of business.
this is the best phone charger i ever used. it allows me to use the gps feature of my phone and still rapidly charge my phone. my ex charger would allow my battery to completely drain if i used gps while charging.
great price, great product, works great. exactly what i expected, perfect description, product was shipped and was packaged wonderfully. thanks. good to have spare chargers around. i love the way in glows in the truck.
great product. i have tried a whole bunch of these and this is by far the best. i would buy this again. plus the price is right.
light blue glow in head indicates charger is working. of course, it would be nicer if it were shorter in body and longer in cable, but it reaches from my subaru center console power supply to my shirt pocket.
it's pretty cool and all, but it's really bigger than it has to be just because it lites up blue.
works very well, no problems (yet), i ordered several at this price for each car and phone. no need to spend more
this car charger has a lot of function  i use it to charge my cellphone too and the light is useful at night gives a good blue background
i went through alot of chargers because they wuld break easy but this charger wont break on u like them others
previously had standard cheapo car chargers that barely boosted my battery no matter how long they were on.  this charger seems more equivalent to the wall chargers i have.
this product arrived on time and it does work. i didn't think that it would work because of the price being so low, but i would definately recommend this charger.
great charger i find the led light to helpful and the slinky cord very handy if you don't like tangled cords.
a nice cheap charger that works really well. i had other car chargers but they wouldn't work reliably with my razr maxx hd, but this charger holds up fine.
i have owned this for a few months now and it has worked flawlessly. it keeps my phone fully charged while running gps navigation.
i really like having multiple chargers for my phone and this charger is perfect for the car and you cant beat the price. great product.
charges my moto x very quickly and efficiently and it has a cool blue light in the m background very cool looking
this was a no brainer to purchase with my head set. i love that it also charges my new cell phone too so it's a dual purpose charger. now i only need to take 1 charger with me for cell phone and head set. no negatives.
i bought this for the htc one and it works great. i've had it for about two months now and havnt had any problems. great buy for the price.
this charger charges my phone faster than any other charger i have.  it looks cool with the blue led light, and has worked for almost a year now.  what more do you want?
best charger i have ever had.  charges better and faster than any car charger i ever bought before this one.
it charges my phone pretty fast and it looks sick! i love it (: and for the price? you cant go wrong!
good product. plugs right into my power oulet in my car and charges my phone fast. which is great when i need to charge on the go.
i travel alot and needed a device to charge my phone, this works perfectly in the car i would recommend this item.
no complaints love it nice very bright glowing motorola sign cords nice n long been using it for a while no no malfunctions strongly recommend for car charging needs
solid connection points and durable cord. charges faster than wall chargers and is a great value. highly recommended! even bought a second one for my mother.
this product performs exactly as expected to charge my sprint evo 4g.  it sure also beats paying $35 for a sprint branded car charger!
gets the job done for a hell of a price.  takes a beating and hasn't failed me yet.  i've actually bought two now.
this car charger performs exactly as advertised.much better than the $30 car charger.  a 20 minute drive on the freeway fully charges my droid x low 20% battery.i won't part with it.  thanks.
this charger is the best one that i have ever used.  i have one in all my vehicles so my kids  can always charger their phones.
great packaging and think the item should work well, but does not fit our phone, as advertised.
the adapter is great in my car. charges my phone fast when i think its still at 1% and its like 85%. thank you for this product.
product works great, i am a big fan of the blue light up section, looks cool and isnt too bright. but overall, the product works great.
works as advertised. it does have a blue light which could be annoying but mine is hidden in the center console. charges my galaxy nexus very quickly.
exactly what i needed. i had one before but someone took it so i ordered 2 more great price and good quality.
this car charger works for several different cell phones that we have.  it is a great value and has a nice long cord.  great price also.
ever senc ei have owned a phone i can not find a good car charger. well here it is. the bright blue led light looks sweet too.
this item works great. it was shipped as it is shown on this page. been using it for a year and have been incredibly happy.
very good charger, and much less expensive than any cell phone carrier's store. the light on the charger is very bright too! will buy again if needed.
this charger works great.  it is a genuine motorola product, and i have been using it for nearly a year before writing the review.  it works perfectly, and appears to be quite well made and durable, unlike many of the low cost chargers available.
great charger at a great price. i use them alot and lasts a long time considering i am an airport shuttle driver.
this charger was so great that i had to buy one for my girlfriend after she went through two of her other ones.
this motorola charger works well with many of my devices. i've used it to charge my phone and my kindle, and have had no problems. this is a reliable charge worth the money.
the blue logo lighting up is a bonus feature.  seems to work flawlessly with my samsung phone.  the cord is just the right length.
the charger is of durable quality and performs as advertised.  it also emits a nice blue glow from the clear area where the motorola "m" is located.
our charger doen't get used often, but when we need it to work, it always has.  the soft blue glow is great to let the user know the device is plugged in and ready to charge.  we actually bought two and keep one in each car.
what my title says! this works like a dream. all the generic ones i have bought that lasted from a day to a month have surpassed the price spent on this one.and this has lasted longer than all of them.
i just started using this, so my usage has been limited.i can tell you that i ordered directly from amazon and it is a genuine motorola charger and not some cheap knock off. it charges my evo 4g fast and has a cool blue light on it.for the price.don't hesitate!
this is the third time that i have tried to leave feedback for this item now it is getting a little silly.may i leave feedback on the feedback process??
finally a charger with a bright and large power indicator, it sure beats the usual puny little red dots just on one side of the plugin.the cord could be a bit longer but that does not diminish the other excellent features of this product.
very reasonably priced and works great. i am pleased with this purchase. the cord clip is a plus as well, it helps the cord to no tangle so much.
i was nervous to buy just any car charger for my galaxy s4 because the last charger i bought didn't charge my phone at all. this one works great! bought one for mine and my husbands car! they charge super quick. received early also, double plus!
this is actually my second time buying this charger (one for me and one for my girlfriend) and it has worked perfect for me all the time. i love this charger. the blue light is awesome also in the car.
i use this item everyday in my car and the price was fantastic and the shipping was fast also.i really appreciate this cable and it works great only thing that was a downer was the shippingcost. everything else was excellent. thank you very much.
for the price from a phone to a kindle(fire,etc.) this charger does well, works as expected would recommend purchase multiple items.
this power adapter works as advertised, and i like the fact that there is a blue lcd panel that lights up when you have it plugged into the cigarrette lighter.
this is working very well, i have had this for over a year and have had no problems, at night the blue light gives off a nice glow for my center tray.
my droid x did not recognize the generic charger i bought a month earlier. so i bought this one and it works fantastic.  all my motorola devices recognize it and charges the phone fast.
have had to replace several of these as they tend to fall apart, but thus far, this one has proven to be fairly resilient.
it fits, the cord is long and stretchy, and the blue light tells you it's working. what more could you want from a corded car charger?
in case you were wondering this works fine on a samsung s3.  the blue glow from the adapter is sort of cool.  it's not so bright that it impairs your night vision or anything.
a few years later and this charger is still going strong. no issues with connectivity or charge and i like that it lights up so you know its fully plugged in.
the roadster came with a different one than this and probably works just fine. this one is more visible to me.
charger has a cool blue glow when it is plugged in.  it charges the phone quickly and works the way it is supposed to.  i'm very happy with my purchase.
this is in my car for those times when i need a charge when i am out and about and need a charge it works great
thoughest and best car charger i had till now
works really well and charges fast. fits better than the generic one i had. the cord is a very decent length. paid under 15$ for it too. would buy again.
nothing exciting, but it charges my motorola android phone just fine. it works well for my phone & expect it to do the same for most usb charged devices
works very well and price is good! i use it for samsung galaxy s3 and it works very well. thanks.
recommend for those who have charger that won't keep up with heavy use (navigation, streaming music concurrently). getting up to 890ma/hr charge rate.
no problems. in my car right now. charges very rapidly. the only issue is at certain angles the blue light up section can shine in your eye and it's rather bright. other than that perfect build quality.
this a great micro usb car charger for a great price.  the 'floating' motorola emblem that lights up when plugged in is a nice design touch and really gives a premium accessory appearance.
this motorola car charger is one of the best and a lot useful for your needs as you go on the road.
great device   i must have purchase  at least three other chargers but none worked   i guess the amperage was not enough    this device is great   it even lights up  reminding you to unplug ;)  highly recommend
charges great and i love the blue light! i ordered from amazon and got an authentic product. i also ordered one for my boyfriend and he loves it too.
price and performance warrant 5 stars. has a nice blue glow to it when it's plugged in and the power outlet is live.
i was searching for a car charger for emergency use, this item was actually better than i expected, nice light tells you the power is on when you plug in.
the charger works well with all of my phones.  i have actually purchased a second charger due to the low price.
hay it looks cool and works great and the price is way better then our local stores. word fill word fill
this charger is not only useful, powerful, and effective, but it is also cool. it provides a clear blue light to notify the user that it is charging. what more could you want?
to be honest with you guys i really like it. i want another one for my other car. in the future i will order another one.thank you very much
very good phone charger, it charges very quick and without any issues.i bought it for my nexus 5 .
charger is so easy to use in my van. the cord also reaches the back seat. phone stays completely charged while using gps. phone doesn't get hot.
i use this for my galaxy s3  works perfectly. it's a sturdy charger. be warned that it glows blue  not too brightly  so it's a little extra light on the car when it's dark.
this item works well and love it better than the previous one that i had easy to use and efficient have recommend this to others.
not only does it look cool, but is great quality. i could imagine paying 3x's this price in a mobile store.
does everything description states it would! would recommend to friends. quick, easy to use,  and changes in a flash! great!
this is the second time i have ordered these.  they are by far the best car chargers and a great price!!!!
we bought 2, one for each car.  they are perfect.  not only that, they are much cheaper than the ones the phone stores sell.  thanks guys!!!!!!!!!!
perfect car charger, this works with any micro usb device (i have used with a samsung phone, lg phone, and motorola headset).  one thing to keep in mind, this does fit tight &#8211; and you do have to have it turned the right way when you plug it in.
this was an exact match to the charger i bought when i bought my last phone.  great buy definately beats what you pay at the phone stores.
i use this to recharge my plantronics m50 bluetooth headset. it works great and is very nicely made. also seems to charge nice and fast.
i am a salesman who travels 4 days a week and i rely heavily on my car chargers. this one is durable and well built and performs well. i've gone through quite a few car chargers and this one is by far the best one i've found so far.
the order, purchase and shipping i have been very pleased with and the product does as it should. i would order from them again.
most car chargers are disposable junk. i was pleased that this one seems well made. when it does break, it's cheap enough to replace without concern.the blue light is a little distracting.
this charger works for my motorola defy and the cool blue light adds a nice touch to my center console. as always, amazon has the best prices and free shipping.
works and charges. that is all i needed. cool light that comes on is a plus. long enough for any car. doesn't charge fast nor slow
great product. fast delivery with amazon prime. it looks good and works well and its affordable, in other words, "es bueno, bonito y barato." it is motorala and outputs 950mah.
high quality charger for a good price and like the blue light in the circle that clearly indicates to me that it is plugged in and working.
i am very proud about the purchase of the motorola vehiclepower adapter micro usb rapid rate charger.it covers all of my expectation.i hope my adapter charge, continues to be very good as it is now.thank you.
this charger works like a charm. i previously had an off brand charger that worked sporadically so this is a huge upgrade. price is very reasonable. length of the cord is good also. would highly recommend.
this is the best car charger that i've had. it really does a rapid charge on my phones. i like it so much i bought a second one to keep in my other car. just now i bought two for my parents. i would definitely recommend this charger!
so far it charges my phone really well and quickly. i hope it lasts longer than my other car chargers.
got it fast, and it works fine, it also looks nice. it keeps a low profile on my car, and doesn't get in the way of anything.
fast charger that also looks cool, and actually has a long enough cord to use it while it is charging!  the problem with my old removable usb 2 piece chargers is that the connection would wear out.  this is one piece, so less can fail.
this is a great charger at a great price. this is the second charger of this type that i have purchased. both are working great, i would definitely recommend it to anyone who needs one. seller was great, and fast.
for the price, i was not expecting much. turns out it works fine, and have had no issues. i actually got a second one for my other car.the blue glow of the logo is very noticeable at night, though. if that is a problem, look elsewhere.
awesome charger, cheap price, it has a very bright blue light that is sweet, no problems yet, had it for a month.buy it.
i have been using this charger to charge my samsung intercept 910 and it has worked great.  it seems to charge fairly quickly.
got two of these, one for my htc incredible and one for my wife's motorola droid x. they light up when plugged in and have performed flawlessly since we got them. really can't beat them for the price. i researched a few others, went with this based on reviews.
you'd buy many cables that wouldn't perfectly fit in the port and charging keep being interrupter. this one fits perfectly! and it's cheap compared to market prices (it also has a nice blue light when plugged).
this charger is way better than the others i've owned. my phone is a battery guzzler, and this charger seems to be keeping up with it while i navigate my way around.
works great and comes with an awesome light when plugged in. this is helpful for charging in the car on the move.
this charger is exactly what you pay for, a charger! does the job and has the added feature to let you know power is running thru it!
the cord works fine. i haven't had any issues with it. i like the blue thing in the center with the motorola symbol on it. sorry to blab, but this review forced me to add more unneeded words.
this adapter has a trim plug that fits into our auto socket duplicator socket with ease and shares the sockets well with other plugs.
we have bought this item before for my phone, but when my wife's verizon phone charger died again, we purchased this one for her and it works great, as mine has for the past year.
it fit my phone and came in handy. i love the blue light that comes on when u plug it up to let u know it's on.
this is an excellent car charger,  it charges fast and has a long wire. perfect for long or short trips. highly recommended
this charger works much faster than my old phone charger with my samsung galaxy s2!  the charging light is helpful to make sure it's plugged in properly.
works well and would definitely recommend it to anyone. very well satisfied no doubt and the blue l.e.d. light is nice as well
bought this on 01/22/10 from eforcity. the product works just as advertised. the motorola emblem on the round plastic hole lights up as it is plugged in. my battery went from 50% to 70% within about 15 minutes. no complaints here.
very affordable.  as good or better as original charger.  gives us a charger in both the pickup and our car.
i love this high speed mobile charger. i'm no spokesperson or paid actor. believe me when i tell you this charger is stylish, fast and well worth the money!! best charger i ever own and cost under $10.
this part appears to be oem and charges well.  i haven't checked it with a multimeter, but the battery lasts as well as the wall charger that came with the phone.
much better than the cheap ebay garbage at the same price point. this is the real deal oem motorola. charges my phones quickly. used with my htc evo and now my htc one.
great charger. all marking of the motorola original which is a plus. diffanily would buy this item again. the big &#8220;m&#8221; lights up when plunged in. classy looking and works perfect.
it works as intended. it charges the phone better than most verizon labeled ones. absolutely no complaints, it does it's job.
when this arrived i was afraid that due to the clear plastic (where the moto logo is) being somewhat loose, that it would rattle in my car. it doesn't. it lights up a nice &#34;indiglo&#34; blue that matches my cars backlight and charges at a decent rate.
like a hooker from tijuana, this thing works hard for the money, but don't expect it to stick around forever.
it works great.  i couldn't be happier and i love the way the big blue dial illuminates when it has power.  i can easily glance at it and know that it's working without searching for a little tiny red light like most of the others i've seen.
for  such a small price, why not.this is a really cool interesting item that works just as well as what verizon sells for $30.00.yes, i would get it!
great price, works perfectly, and the blue light with the motorola logo looks nice and makes it appear more expensive than it really is. i saw in other reviews that people were receiving knock offs but mine is the real deal and i am happy with it. would definitely recommend!
works great and price was right. fits most motorola phones so you can use it for other devices. cord is sturdy and does not get tangled. blue light is a nice bell and whistle ad on
i needed a car charge from my motorola droid and this works perfectly.  nice blue glow on the charge lets me know its plugged in and working.  at this price it was a terrific deal that couldn't be beat.very happy with this purchase.
i use this to charge my plantronics m50   bluetooth headset.  superb.  it is very handy and the charging is fast.
does what it should, and does it well. phone connector is good, so the connector stays in place unlike many other chargers. the blue light is also helpful for knowing when things are charging. good value for the price.
although the bright blue light is annoying this charger works great. quickly charges up my android phone. i would purchase from this vendor again.
this phone charger is a great deal. i would purchase again. it has a more flexible cord and stretches farther than verizon cords.
fast charger and the cord coils up well when not in use so it doesnt get tangled. the light is a little bright, but no complaints.
best and cheapest charger i've been able to find and i've tried quite a few in the past few years.
i bought this exact charger years ago when motorola first went to the micro usb type charger, this is identical to the oem charger i bought years ago for 3 times the cost.  i've used this charger with multiple phones that have the same connector with no issues.
these are the best quality you can find given the price. i bought 2 of them, and they both work like a champ. the blue light can be a little bright at night, but i don't care!
this is a really ninty item  really cool blue light brightens up the dash and very good quality!!  i highly recommend it!!
items were shipped quickly and in perfect working condition. good charger for the price. thanks! alot better than paying 4x the price from verizon in store
great product. qucik and easy. good customer service. i will continue to shop with them.
i like it. it's very modern looking with the blue glow thing, works great, and nicely priced.  that is all.
great charger for the price you can't beat it. if it does break in a few months ill buy another one for $3 and it will still be cheaper than buying one of these at retail. gotta love amazon.
don't need it often but works like a charm. would totally recommend. blue light not too bright or anything.  .
i ordered this for my boyfriend. he said it works, and i didn't get a fake. it should light up blue when it charges.
this was for my son and he was very happy with it. i have never used one before so cannot comment on it.
works perfectly!  i love the blue light so i know that the phone is actually plugged in instead of having to look at my phone to see if its charging or not.
charges fast. blue glow is a nice touch. only weak spot is where cord goes into vehicle plug. if you dont snag it on stuff its not a problem. been using for a couple years and still goin.
i great motorola (not after market) charger for a fraction of the price of the verizon store.  i will never buy accessories in the store again.
the guy who posted the video review of this product must not have ordered this through amazon, they must have got it from one of the other sellers because i made sure mine was shipping from amazon, and the product is a legit motorola phone charger!  awesome!
it works, it's reliable, it charges the phone, it was shipped fast. blue light so you know it's plugged in. i liked this for me cause the outlet is in the bottom of the arm rest.
after read some of the posts, i decided to get this one, i have to say that i am very satisfied with this choice, all the good reviews about this product here are speaking the truth, good price and quality, you can't go wrong with it.
great deal for the money. happy with the purchase. please be advised the blue &#34;power&#34; light really shines throughout your car at night.
this speed charges our phones with out issue.  it has a blue light at the end to help remember its plugged it.  we would totally recommend these.  ended up buying one for everyone in the house.
this charger works even when my phone is using gps and data, not something i can say about any other charger i've used in the past few years. it's well built and has a neat looking light as it's charging. i highly recommend it.
great product for the price.  works well.  no dropped calls.  phone charges fast and stays charged.recommended for all droids.
i've purchased 3 of these chargers.1 from sprint for $30,then found them on amazon for under $5. ordered 2 more! works great, no problems and now at this price i don't have to transfer them car to car!
the charger looks good and has worked flawlessly so far. definitely mor attractive than all prior car chargers. good buy.
purchased this to replace a dying samsung car charger for my galaxy s2. so far it seems to hold up good.
it charges my phone.  it appears well built.  i guess that only time will tell if this was a good purchase or not.
great charger bought 3 one for my car, one my man bag, and one for my daughter, great price, hi quality better than the cheaplymade off brand
this has been a wonder purchase so far! i haven't had any problems at all and the shipping was fast. a must buy for anyone with a smartphone (i have the droid 3)
i haven't used this charger much but when i do it seems to charge the phone in about half the time of a normal charger. i also like the blue indicator light.
looks cool and charges well!  i love it and would definitely recommend it to anyone.  the clip is pretty cool for when you don't want it hanging over to the floor of the car
i received this quickly and am very happy with it.  i plugged it in as soon as i received it and it works great with my htc 2 droid.
not too much to say about this one.  i lost my charger and purchased this replacement.  the light on the end of the plug makes it easy to tell if the charger is working.
this thing is a real help when i'm using my phone for navigation, which seems to burn through the battery like nothing else.
a long cord length avoids struggles!!  the blue light makes it easy to see that the charger is properly seated.
this works well, i've never had a problem with it. i keep it in my car year round and i haven't had a problem even though we get very cold winters and summer days in the 90's.
these chargers work great and they are very inexpensive. we keep one in each car. works just fine for me
this was certainly very affordable and the shipping time was very quick.  it is still working strong which i certainly can't say for some of the chargers i have purchased in stores.
nice sturdy charger. works wonderful. lights up so u can kno its charging and u can find it. best car charger i've had thus far.
this charges so far i have had for about two weeks and it seems to work just fine also love the blue light that illuminates whenever you plug it in
the headunit in my car won't charge my htc one, bought this via recommendation from a forum. it works, it charges the phone, it's also nice to have the coiled cord a plus in my book.
no complaints and the blue light looks cool and lets you know that the charger if functioning. the cord is long enough and recoils when not in use. nice product.
this adapter works great for both phones in our household, has a pleasing appearance, and was inexpensive. what's not to like?
charges fast, and works as advertised. shipping was fast too. a must have for anyone with a 4g smartphone, especially if you use the gps on the road a lot.
this phone charger is very nice. met all my expectations. and was shipped quicker than the estimated time. very happy.
this may be a knock off or not. i don't know, but i do know i only paid 4 dollars and it works great! i have been using for a month and no problems! have had nothing but good comments about the blue light too!
this is the best rapid cell phone charger on the market by motorola. the awesome blue light really makes it hot. for less than 6.00 from amazon can not beat that price anywhere. i highly recommend this to buy hands down the best
motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger help me in my car and my husband car too.  it is very durable
solid product,  it's been about three weeks now and it's still in a good working condition.  the led effect is a nice touch
charges fast and looks stylish in my car. the light tells me my phone is charging. great buy. would recommend in a heart beat.
after i read different charger reviews, i chose this one and am glad that i did!  my phone charges quickly with this charger, and i can run gps on my phone for long trips without worrying about running out of battery!
this charger will charge android phones at the ac rating instead of the usb (500 ma) rating. i wish it was dual port but it hasn't destroyed my phone like my last car charger so i can't be too mad.
the charger arrived as advertised.  it works well and charges my phone as i expected.  the blue light is a nice touch.
the connection port is fairly small so it doesn't take up a lot of room in the console area. the motorola emblem glow blue when it is engaged so you know if it is plugged in correctly. charges quickly. i would recommend this product.
best one i have ever got. i have had it for over 2 years and still looks new and when you plug it in its blue.
its a motorola what more do i have to say. great price i like that it illuminates the &#34;m&#34; when charging
i thought rapid charging for my cell great ill give it a shot lo it works great. takes about 10 15 min to get a full charge.
im very happy with my charger so far,love the blue light. i've had it for about a month now works great, charges fast and love the longer cord.
a good quality charger.  pulled it out of the package and plugged it in without issue.  good price for a simple product.
what can yo say about a car charger? works like it's suppose to. purchased two of them, one for my wife's atrix 2 and one for my samsunng galaxy s2 skyrocket. love the blue glow it gives out a night.
a very good charger for the car, fast and well build, 6 inches more in length would be better but i'm satisfied
excelent product for the price. radio shack has it for $26.00, true has also the usb charger but still.what i like also is the soft blue light when you plug it in,does not distract while driving and gives enough light to see in proximity at night.
exactly what i wanted at a great price.  it came a day earlier than promised, was packaged well and works as it should.
works great with my sprint htc evo 4g.  great price and it feels durable and is reliable. i have used this on several different phones that use micro usb for charging and all work great.
the reviews on this product are fully justified. works great, and looks awesome while it is at it. good job motorola.
a basic, easy to use charger for my samsung galaxy s3.  durable, as advertised product, with an indicator light.good stuff, arrived early.
i like how this lights up blue.  and it works.  my old one worked when it felt like it which got old rather quickly.
charges my phone in the car fast!  i believe its actual 'ac charging mode' instead of 'usb charging' mode like many car chargers which makes them charge at a slower rate.
charges fast, pretty blue light when you plug it in. incredibly inexpensive. if you need a car charger for a smartphone this is the one to purchase. if there is a negative review on this, ignore it. i bought 2, one for my car and one for my wife's car.
it worked perfect, no problems what so ever. loved the blue glow it put off.it says rapid rate charger, and i believe it. it just seemed like it took no time at all to charge my droid xand the price is way better than verizons overpriced junk
excellent charger.super fast!  works great.  will be the only charger i buy from now on.  i plan on buying another for my husband's truck
cheap and effective.  i would recommend this product to others looking for a basic car charger.  will update if needed.
i have found that the motorola products work with other brands not it isn't always true the other way around.  works great    i never have to worry
i bought this for a samsung galaxy s2 and it works great! i would buy it again and highly recommend it!
i bought it from amazon because someone said others were fake ones. the one from amazon looks like pretty good quality.
i have a droid x and this charger works perfectly and charges faster.  you can't find a better deal for less than 7 dollars with shipping.
works like a charm and it is an awesome deal, when you consider that most cell phone companies will charge you at least $20 for a car charger
great price and fast shipping! i ordered one for my wife and one for myself. i am very pleased with my purchase and the amount of money i saved!
works well to charge any android phones, whether it be samsung, lg, etc.i would def recommend it to anybody.
this product has performed well for the past several months. it even has a m symbol that lights up blue thats kinda cool, but i do catch myself moving charger around in socket so it does not aggervate me while driving.but overall a great product and a great buy!!
excellent charger!! well made and works great.  i've had some bad ones so i'm happy to have gotten this one and the blue light is nice.
ffast shjpper,and great price. just what i was looking for.would highly recommend. to others to buy this product,heavy duty also!!
this is perfect for charging my htc evo 4g phone in the truck on long trips.  i like that it is motorola and not some cheap knock off that could fry my phone.  the pretty blue glow is a nice touch too.
love this charger.  i use it for my samsung galaxy s3!  i've been using this since september.  no issues or problems.  i am buying another one for another vehicle.
i bought this charger because i have two more exactly the same and liked them. i've had no problems with the older ones so i bought one for our other car.
works and looks exactly as described. we have been using the charger for two weeks. no problems. charges our phones. is a motorola device.
the best thing every made a car charger i live this one the other ones i bought broke or stop working but this almost had for six months i love it
this oem car charger functions as expected with no issues whatsoever. the stylish form is a nice bonus. quality seems excellent.
second one of these i've ordered. cheap, actually feed power to your device well, and they're actually the oem ones! it's fantastic. seriously, even if you don't have a motorola phone but you have microusb, get this charger.
this adapter works just like the one from moto x but costs a lot less.  not only that but it is from amazon and shipping was free.
this is by far the best charger i have ever owned. fits snugly into both the 12 volt socket on the vehicle and into the phone. charges the phone with a &#34;quality&#34; charge. liked it so much i bought extras for my other vehicles and my wife.
this cable does its purpose. the neon m in the middle does not bother me in the least. charges my razr m perfectly. i would recommend this product to everyone.
while traveling on vavaction and using gps   this keeps the phone charged & functional with no worries of the phone dying.
i wanted a cheap charger to keep in my car.  this charger works great and does what it is supposed to do.
we use this with a samsung galaxy siii and a galaxy note, and it works perfectly. no complaints! cool blue color, too.
great product, durable cord! not much to say, i guess the only con is the blue light might annoy some people but it doesn't annoy me at all.
works on my motorola droid 4.  unlike the expensive cradle i bought from verizon and several other cheap car chargers i have bought, this one actually charges my phones. buying a second one for the wife now.
this micro usb is great, works perfectly charging the unit in my car.              
always search for oem when buying cellular accessories. with motorola phones you'll end up having nothing but problems. this charger works great and no issues like you encounter with the cheap auction site knock offs
car charger. does what it says. good quality. i feel it is a better product than what verizon wireless originally sold me. works great with my droid x.
excellent charger, works as described. also has a cool blue led on it.  if you have the one with a silver motorola sticker on it then that is gueniune oem.
this product is great, very sturdy and well made, not like the other flimsy one i ordered which broke a few days after getting it. the lightup center also gives it cool points. overall works well, charges my phone quickly, and isn't cheap.
this is a straight forward car charger. it charges well and to the best of my knowledge is oem. enjoy
i bought two, one for each vehicle, and both work perfect!  i have a htc one v and the wife has a samsung centura and no issues.
this is the same charger that my wife paid $30 for, i'm glad that i ordered two.  it works and looks great.
not much to say.  it works perfect and charges fast and works on all my android phones, galaxy sii & galaxy nexus
not only is it the best charger on the market, it's also one of the cheapest.  just make sure you get the actual motorola one.
my mom uses this since she often doesn't realize her phone is dead until she is on her way to work. excellent speed and efficiency charging, would recommend.
i have no complaints. it charges my phone faster than my wall charger and i've had it now for a couple months and it still works great.
this charger was awesome. the cellphone company wanted to charger a higher cost and amazon just blew them out of the water with there price for the same thing so guess what they lost a customer and amazon gained one.
i like this charger it lights up in the round area at the end so that you know it is connected, works well and looks good
works perfect!!! glad i found this charger at a cheaper rate than at the phone carrier.  no longer have a motorola phone but it stills for the new samsung!
this works well and has lasted any other of the inexpensive version of these i purchased that fell apart quickly.  much better quality for the price.
this is a very good quality car charger. the round clear glass area glows blue when it's plugged in. i recommend it.
it works very good and cant beat the price. the length is a bit awkward but it does do the job
i bought this motorola micro usb car charger after my generic car charger stopped working. the blue led is a nice touch.works as it intends to. fast charging. i'm satisfied. buy with confidence!
does exactly what it says. i have gone through 2 of these in probably 5 or 6 years, they last a long time. have a really cool blue light that matches the interior of my vw gti which i really like
price is right and it works great! i use this while gps on and it keeps up! great charger.never had a better one.
works great. no issues. led is bright tho. kind of annoying. charges very quickly. good price. can't really go wrong here.
bought this charger for my droid x and it works perfectly.  i love the center that lights up blue in the truck.  it also works with other phones that use micro usb for charging.
i had a 1.0a usb charger and this thing was just crap. after looking at the reviews, i took a chance on this charger and it seems to do that job very well. it charges up very quickly and one up! i even purchased two of these bad boys.
came on time, great gift idea, loved the product, wonderful service, nice to have around when you get the urge for some cones
purchased this for my droid bionic, and it works great for my commute home when i need a quick charge!
i read some negative reviews before buying this but decided that i don't know how long my phone is going to last anyway so i would purchase it since the price was so reasonable.  it works fine and the connection is excellent.
great item.exactly what i needed and, it came very rapidly.  works like a charm!
this item arrived quickly and is well made.  i would highly recommend it.  nice to keep in the second car so i don't have to transfer from vehicle to vehicle.
so far so good. it is great to have a charger that works. the blue glow matches the blue lights of my dash.
for the price, you can not beat this adapter.  it looks great.  it lights up so you know it is working.  it looks great also.
great item.i like the blue light letting you know it is working.no issues.  outlasted my phone.recommend to everyone.
i paid 75% less for this charger then my first verizon one.  its slim and the blue light in nice looking.  i've had no problems!
this is a very nice car charger. works fine for any typical android phone. i like the blue light that turns on in the circular part. matches my interior! lol
fit snug n secure and the cord has really good length and sturdiness to it. charging pretty quick as well
really happy with this charger so far.  charges much more quickly than the car charger i bought from verizon.  and it's super cheap, too!  highly recommend this charger.
looks oem charges in cigarette lighter great! has motorola branding and special sticker to tell if it is a genuine motorola product.
unless you want a 'dual' charger.this is the one that really works. other off brands barely kept up with my apps.
my old verizon 30 dollar mobile charger died. so i shopped amazon, found this motorola brand for less than four bucks and free prime shipping. very very good deal.
after getting something for under a dollar(u get what u pay for) i am very happy with this product. built sturdy and works great
this looks like an item that would sell for $40.00 at best buy but i bought for under $4.00 including shipping. it's a motorola, it has a cool blue light, and works well.
works as intended and a reasonable price. nice blue led. my old one died on me after about 6 months so this feels that void.
seems to charge the phone in the normal period of time.  easy to insert and withdraw from the vehicle socket.  claims to be a motorola product, a benefit, some alternates have failed me in the epast
unbelievable price. legit motorola charger. am going to order another for my wife. can't beat this deal. works as described!
exactly as expected. the build quality is excellent and it performs just as advertised. i use it with my droid x. i found it hard to believe that i could get a quality brand name microusb car charger for so a cheap price.
the item arrived fast and was as advertised. i am using to charge a htc phone. the plug on the charger that came with it was bad. the power indication on it is great as you can see it easily.
works great, and, unlike other chargers, it will charge my nexus 4. it looks nice too. i also like the curly cord, it's much neater that way.
works well, charges the phone quickly.  the blue light like nice in the car.  the cable is an adequate length.
i love this charger. it was cheap but it looks great and i haven't had one issue with it just yet.
it has worked great with my phones and other devices.  good power.  it also looks very nice.  the little window in the middle has a nice blue glow to it.  i'd recommend this to anyone.
shipped on time received as stated and the device works as expected as it should be.i would buy again from this source and product line
took a rather long trip and it worked flawlessly. luv the blue light. accordion wire was a great touch too.
so far, so good.  had it a few months and still works with daily use.  cheap enough that even if you have to replace it a couple times a year it's not that bad.  lights up blue to tell you it has power.
you should buy one for every car and you relatives too.  item is made of quality materials and makes a tight fit to the phone.
fine!  doesf the job.  i have purchased these chargers before but required a different connector for galaxy s3.  i like it.
solid construction, quality micro usb plug, and nice cord. works like it should. only complaint is the blue light is very bright. it can light up the whole truck at night, if not positioned right,
what else can you say; an oem unit that is specifically geared towards its sister products, the motorola droids.performs as excellently as expected!!!
it works really well. charges fast. highly recommend for anyone who is using a phone with micro usb.plus as a bonus it glows blue!
low price for high quality motorola vehicle power adapter.  solid feeling, and works well.  product received within four days of ordering.
replaced my original sprint car charger for 1/4 th the price. exactly the same charger but without the big in store price mark up
fast shipping, great price. highly recommend. only downside to this charged is that the illumination from motorola sign is pretty bright at night, a little annoying reflecting off the passenger side mirror.
great product. it works perfectly. great buy for a name brand product. the charger matched the picture and description perfectly.
it works really well and the price is a bonus. no regrets buying it charges perfect. the blue light is kind of bright but at least you know its working.
nice charger glows blue to show it has power nice heavy cable. i haven't found any problems yetexcept i hate micro usb connectors. has a laser etched moto logo on it that glows. for the price.
for the price, you simply can't beat this product.  it works perfectly, and it's a nice looking piece of equipment.  would buy again.
i have been using this to charge my htc evo 4g for over a year now. charges fast, and holds the charge during navigation use. you can't beat the price.
charges great. indicator stays off when the engine is turned off so you ca and leave the charger plugged in.
i've now boughten two of these, one for my htc evo, the other for my fiance's driod. we love them, they look really cool and are oem so much better than crap you'd buy at target or typically online.
works as expected. no complaints at all. i use it to charge my droid bionic or my daughter's htc rhyme while on the go.
there honestly isn't much more to say, but so far so good, it works. that's all you really need as far as feedback goes for a phone charger no?
looks and works perfect. nicer and cheaper than my verizon charger that bit the dust. you can't go wrong with this purchase.
simply awsome, good long cord, really like the blue light, works great! iv perchased car chargers in stores that had short cords very small lights showing its working and didnt always fit properly.
this is the best car charger i have ever had. i have been using them for years now, and this is the only one i will spend money on. they last long and actually charge a smartphone well.
i have had some troubles with other cheap micro usb car chargers with my evo 4g. this one has worked well for the 3 4 months i have owned it   plus has a cord with a nice length and cool blue light. definitely worth the 5 bucks.
price is reasonable for this item. it works on the atrix. i haven't encounter any problem since i had it for several weeks. also, the product didn't come in a standard retail package.
works well with my htc one x. the "m" logo lights up when the charger is working   cute touch.
have not used this but i have used car charges before and i makes it very nice to be able to re charge while driving and it arrived right on time.
this thing goes with me everywhere and gets thrown around a lot. yet it's still working perfectly since i bought it november '11. will be buying another for my mom. we both have htc phones and this charger works much better than htc one. would recommend to anyone.
this power adaptor works. what else can you ask for. good value for the money. good brand name. functional, yet stylish.
this charger is great for road trips, keeps my phone charged even when i'm using spotify and gps/nav at the same time
i have bought these chargers before, and they work great, so it was a no brainer to purchase more.  would highly recommend them.
the blue light lets me know that a good connection has been established and is a reminder to unplug when i turn off the engine (for some reason my vehicle leaves the power to the lighter on).
works extremely well with charging the droid 4. tried 2 other chargers but they wouldn't charge while phone was navigating. this is the only charger that works!
i especially like the glowing 'm' when you plug it in.you have to see it to understand what i mean.  have had for over a year now and it still works like brand new!
works great and is nice to have it glow.  makes it so much easier to at night.  hope it lasts a long time.
i bought this for my grandson for his samsung galaxy s4.  he gives it five stars.  said it charges his phone super fast. he is very happy with it.  i hope it lasts a while!
has output of 950ma so pretty much like a wall charger. nice cool blue glow that adds accent to the car interior at night. price is not so bad either. buy it!
i needed a new car charger for the cell phone after purchasing a new vehicle. the ratings were good this one, so i tried it out. works fine so far!
just amazing, great price and love these. only issue is the blue light it becomes a annoying after a while.
would definitely recommend this product 5 star rating!!! this charger completely charged up my galaxy s3 in 1 hour or less! for the price i couldn't ask for a better charger.
i have had this for awhile now.  it is very durable and i would purchase another if i needed to.
great value on a replacement identical to the original motorola charger received when i purchased my phone.pros: quality better than expected (thought it might be a knockoff)cons: none
so far so good, the product is proforming as stated and has great look to it. i would most definitely recommend this charger.
just as displayed, it's the real deal & works well!! could not be happier with this purchase, saved $35 & still got the quality i require.
works well with my phone when the gps is on, i am talking and providing a full load on the phone. the phone is still able to charge.
this adapter came at a great price and works great for my droid galaxy stellar.  i would definitely recommend it!
is very well made and i like the design. the transparent plastic glows with a nice blue light when you plug it. i recommend this product.
i recieved an authentic charger unlike other people say. it works great definately cant complain for 5 bucks. the flea market charges more for cheaper products.
for the price, these are of good quality and construction. we have bought several cheap ones at convenience stores and the like, but sometimes they work but most of the time they crap out after a short while. these are definitely worth the money.
i bought this to keep up with my phone's gps drain on the battery during turn by turn navigation and it works flawlessly!
works well and costs less than most others in the market.  actually bought two so i don't have to bring it back and forth between two cars.
this product does just what it suppose to do.  it charges the phone while in the car, it was cheap but it does more than what its worth
great charger, nice quality. the light is very bright.have to unplug it when i'm driving at night as it's too bright.
great value and looks good too surprised at the excellent value, keep one in each car, give as gifts, now i could just figure out what drains my phone battery
great item.  works perfect for many phones.fast charge.never had an issue.would definitely recommend.used this for over a year without an issue
i bought this charger for my car . 1st it was very reasonable price, also the circle on the end lights up blue i love it.
got it fast, so far it works. no complaints after a couple weeks. time will tell. if it makes it a year, money well spent.
excellent charger. very durable as well. doesn't feel cheap & plasticy like some other car chargers. the ring on top of the charger glows blue when plugged in. looks very nice day & night. if you're looking for an oem brand charger this is the one to get.
thick cord, it wont break down, this is my second, actually got this one as a gift for a friend. the blue color in the adapter is nice, i use this with my samsung s3 with no problems.
cheap, name brand, and works with most, if not all, micro usb phones. the plug fits snugly in my evo's usb port. the blue light that illuminates when the car charger is plugged in is a nice touch.
this is a very good car charger, it can charge ur phone faster than the home charger that comes with the phone.
i just bought this charger and used it today for my motorola droid 2.  it works.  it charges the phone quickly.  you absolutely cannot beat the quality you get for this price.  it's better than paying verizon $30.00 for the same exact thing.
works great. i always know when it's plugged in. coiled wire keeps my phone from sliding around too far from reach.
charges very fast, very satisfied
i had one of these before and it worked fine, but after two years of using it the connector was getting faulty so decided to buy one just like it.
this charger works great on my htc rezound android.  and it's a great price.  i would recommend this to anyone.
this charger works very well on samsung and lg smartphones. the motorola glowing blue light logo looks cool at night. charges phones quickly. can't ask for more.
great product, great quality, not one of those cheap ones that never works.  i was very pleased with the purchase of this item
charges way faster than most of the chargers you buy at the retailers. cool blue light that reflects off the glass when on. durable cable and stretches pretty far too. would recommend.
the price was so good i order two, to have a spare.  they work great and are motorola original, not knock off.  packaged well, and arrived promptly.
quality product,charges my power hungry htc thunderbolt with ease while running the gps and playing music.make sure that you order from amazon and not other companies that make the phony crap version!
i really love it. it charges my s3 fast and i really love the blue led. looks really cool. going to see if it can charge my blackberry playbook. not sure if it meets the 1.5amp minimum
seems to work well, appears well built, and has a nice appearance.  i'm personally frustrated with off brand car chargers that literally fall apart and/or don't provide enough power (slow charging).
looking for a cheap car charger for my nokia 822, and this fits the bill nicely.  charges fast and looks like a quality built item.  the blue circle is cool too!
i bought this to use with my htc evo and it works without any problems.  very reasonable price and it looks nice to.
this is literally the first working car charger i've ever bought. it doesn't charge as fast as a wall charger, but that's expected given the difference in voltage between your home and car. if you're looking for a working micro usb car charger, look no further.
this charger works great. i love the blue light that comes on when it is plugged in. i wouldn't hesitate to purchase again.
wicked!  totally wicked!  motorola signature blue light.  also works on my bluetooth.  works great.  rapid charge!!!! great deal for the price, the quality and the brand.
this charger works just great when my battery runs low on the road or i leave home undercharged.  just what i was looking for.
solid charger, especially for the price.  authentic motorola.  also use this to charge other micro usb devices in my car.have had the charger for about a month and there have been no issues.  would buy again.
thanks to dedicated amazon reviewers, i know that my motorola charger is genuine and not counterfeit   well made oem product that works like a charm for my blackberry bold 9780.
you can't beat the price for oem chargers that charge many phones. they are high current so they'll charge your smartphone quickly. i highly recommend!
this charger is awesome. it's charges my phone so quickly. once my phone battery was at 40%. i popped the charger in and within minutes it was at 70% and not much longer is was full charged. so glad i purchased this charger.
it was a good buy it exceeded my expectation. delivery good. i am about to buy another one  my wife took mine from she really liked it
i use my cell phone all the time and&#34;need a charger in every port.&#34;this frees me up for road trips and the like.original factory, the best price,(through amazon )when i purchased it.only took a few days to arrive.
the built in little clip to manage the cord length was an unexpected bonus. i could do without the glowing blue motorola logo.
i use this every day in my car to charge my cell phone it does a great job and would recommend this for anyone
this is a very good charger and inexpensive. i highly recommend this as your car charger of choice if you have the mini hdmi charging connection.
this is great, you should get this it is well worth your money,this one is better than all the other one s that i have,and i have a lot.
the charger works great; the cord is long allowing to have conversations while the phone is charging. my teenager commented that the cord is &#34;cool&#34; because the blue motorola lights up when it is plugged in. definitely a worthy investment.
super nice quality charger. light looks cool. ordered extras for other cars. charges fast, its a nice nice nice charger.
have had this for over a year and have had no problems, its perfect for charging a phone or even a kindle in the car!
works great. better then the other one i have and i paid a lot more for that one.works great!
this quickly charges my bluetooth headset for my car.  the long cord is also a convenience.  overall a great product at an affordable price.
works as expected.  i like how it lights up in the blue color to indicate that it is on.  easy to grasp.
i used this product initially on a trip to florida with the family.  we all used it to keep our phone charged.  it stays in my van permanently.  plenty of power.
this was a great buy. it worked as it should and i highly recommend it to anyone with an android phone.
well built item, built to last, and price too, makes this a must have item to own after all we are all on the go and keeping devices, from running out of power is something that we all need to do.
product is exactly what i expected, is attractive and works like it's supposed to. bought it for a friend, wanted to swap it with mine  
great buy for a great price. haven't had it long so i don't know if it'll hold up, but it seems sturdy and i like the blue glow it gives off. =)
great car charger. i like the soft blue light and it fits snuggly into my droid razor maxx. shape is easy to plug and unplug
i seem to go through many of these chargers.this one is lasting longer than most of the car chargers.
works just perfectly for motorola phones.  charges them quickly.  snug fit on the phone.  light is blue and works well.
an oem replacement charger, very nice, very nice price. at the store this will run you about 30$, so finding it here for a significant amount less is a bonus. charges without any issues.
works just as youd expect, bought 2, one for me and one for the wife. now we both have a solid backup if either one of us is in our respective vehicles and needs to use our phones for extended amounts of time
charges our phones fast. it is easy to find in the dark, and easy to plug in. solidly built. the price was more than fair.
working great, got one for each car to use for charging kindle fire, htc one x and samsung galaxy s3. no problems at all.
has a helpful long cord if you need to hold the phone while charging (not while driving of course). the charger also lights up blue when plugged in which looks cool. overall very sturdy product, not cheaply built like a lot of others. love it!!
got two of these for my vehicles to charge my thunderbolt. works great, love the clip on the cord so you can keep it from dangling. would recommend.
so far so good! i love it! it does what ist is supposed to do. item was super cheapr! thoguht it qas going to break but i have 2 months with it anf iy works very good!
the p513 power adapter works great. gets the phone fully charged in my hour ride to work.  sadly the droid x needs constant charging, making this adapter a necessity in every car you drive.
this is the coolest looking charger that i've ever seen, the little moto symbol lights up blue when it's working.
i bought for my daughter's htc phones and has worked great. i like the blue light lets you know at a glance if it is working.
item was as described and worked out of the package. i have had no complaints from the users on this product and it saved some money to purchase the items on amazon. would definitely recommend to others.
high quality product.  i read the few reviews about counterfeit products, but mine was the original motorola one, and i have no complaints.
just received pur 2 chargers. i was leary after reading some reviews. both worked and were shipped on one box for free. with this price it is well worth it.
nothing fancy, does what it says it does; also the m glows, you make like or hate it, most wont really care as long as it charges.
i use this in my subaru forester to charge my droid razr maxx. charges very quickly. what can i say? it works!
better than the car charger i got when i purchased my phone.  this charger arrived quickly and works really well!  so happy i found it!
this is a great and cheap car charger.i use it with my samsung galaxy s4, and also bought one for my co worker.if the plug is visible, the bright blue light might bother you. mine's in the center console so i don't notice it too much.
i have had many chargers and i tend to be pretty hard on them.  this is the best one i have ever had.  it keeps on going!
not sure what to say except that it works. an oem product without the retail packaging at a superior price.
works as expected. seems like quality material, not super cheap. haven't had to charge from dead so not sure how long it takes
chord is springy to stay out of way.  light on circular end lets me know if i have power on.  easy to plug/unplug
its easy to use. it works. don't know what else can be said.  i've had it for quite a while and haven't had any problems
first of all this charger is worth the money just for looks alone. led blue lights up clear m motorola logo.as far as charging goes just as advertised . i would buy again
i've only used a few times, but it seems to work great! item is high quality, and the clear circle park at the end lights up blue when plugged in. looks great at night!
great charger w the coiled cord that works very well in a small car.have had mine for 12+ months nd has worked perfectly.cant beat the reliability for the price! highly recommend
i got this from the seller porttronics and was very happy to see that it is exactly as described.  real motorola charger, works great and it arrived days before expected delivery date.  i have uploaded a couple of pictures.
they are selling these at a very reasonable price compared to getting your head chopped off at a local radio shack.
i like the looks and it charges quickly.  it is much better than the one i bought when i purchased my phone.  i recommend it highly if you need a car charger for your phone.
it is what it is.  i just like the handle.  that circular part.  looks very cool. hahahaha.  works like any car charger for your device out there.
i had ordered a charger from amazon before ordering this one.the other one was about six dollars chapter and i learned that you get what you pay for  : ( this charger was still much less than retails stores and it works great. highly recommend!
great phone charger for any one that has a micro usb smartphonethe glow of the blue light is a cool feature.
this car charger works just as we'd hoped.  we haven't used it much, but it works great when we do use it.
bought 4 of these, they all worked well and the cool blue color lets you know when it is plugged in and charging.  buy it  if you need a nice charger at good price
i just started using the charge and it works good, and its nice when its plug in the blue light.
this car charger is flawless. it charges fast, has a long cord, and has lasted me for well over a year now. i recommend this fully.
good and fast like i like thanks att. edward santana everything whit out problem on days what then give me. thank
i didnt think the charger was going to charge my phone that fast but it works as advertise .everytime i unplug  my phone from it i find myself surprise by how much battery i have and im also using an extended battery.deff a great buy
i always have it plugged to my car dc outlet. still works and charges quickly. been using it for my galaxy s3.
works great with my lg showtime phone.  i like the blue glow light that lets you know its working.  i purchased two to replace a broken charger.
works as needed. no problems thus far. bought this for 2 different phones that have the same connection and it works on both. one is not a motorola, the other one is a motorola.
made this purchase late in the afternoon. had the charger in just two days (lifesaver). recommend if you need something simple to charge your phone with.
i bought this charger because it was very cheap; who can argue with $5 for a car charger?the charger looks especially cool when it is plugged in because it lights a blue led in the bezel. would definitely recommend to a friend.
works great and the charger is very solid. i have it for about a year so far and no problems at all.
the charger came very quickly and it works like a charm. i use this to charge my htc incredible2. charges fast and does exactly what it says it will do and is exactly as advertised/pictured. very good purchasing experience.
this charger has proven itself over and over again. i would highly recommend it. it has a cool blue built in light that is pretty neat also. i bought it for my wife who swears by it. we have had no issues with it after several weeks of use.
yes, it charges. but you can tell it was engineered with quality.  from the cool blue glow that tells you it's plugged in, to the clip that keeps the coil/cord short until/unless needed. nice job!
the charger works perfect! thanks! and it looks very nice in my car.it charging my motorola i1 with no problems.
my favorite car charger so far! easy insert but stays in. charges well. works like it's supposed to. glows blue!
it's compact and efficient plus the cable is long enough to reach my cell phone on the console. easily fits in my purse or backpack when traveling.
i look at the reviews for this product and i took a chance on it.i got it early nothing was wrong the light is just right formy car love it!
fast shipment, the item works great and its super convenient.the blue tight that shines is a bit bright for my liking but you can just turn the device to the side a little
great deal!!! purchased for motorola electrify 2 and it's just as good as the adapters they sell in the stores for $30!
it works, what else can i say. it charges the phone like it is supposed to. it shines an irritating bright blue lightn it is plugged in.
i use it as the charger for my car even though i don't have a motorola smartphone.  i really like the blue light that tells me it is on.  stays in place better than others i have used.  chargers rapidly.
i bought two and the reason i love them is because they don't pull out of the car socket when you pull on the chord to attach it to the phone .it stays firmly in the socket at all times and that is a big plus when you are driving.
charges fast and looks nice.  cable attachment seems to not be a problem.  just wish i had bought a few more of these.
now i have a charger in every car. no low battery issues and i am free to use the gps for driving directions.
like it says, rapid rate charger. that is exactly what this charger does. i purchase two one in front of car and one in the rear for guest passengers. i guess no apples allowed! ;) get this charger it truly a good buy.
this charges fast! and is sturdy. i also like the blue led light indicated on the picture.definitely a great buy!
charges at 5v, 1a.  exactly the same power as the wall charger that came with my htc incredible.  perfect for in the car.
i'm happy that it works with our phones and does not pull the phone from our hands.i had trouble finding a good rapid charger. most of the other chargers were just powering the device but not recharge the battery. this one works and i'm happy.
charges my phone super fast. i have had it for about a month now, and it is still working for me so that is a plus!
this is a very stylish and functional car charger.  charges my phones and tablets.  this is a charger for the money and it is not cheaply made like many of the other car chargers.  i purchased one for each of our vehicles and i highly recommend.
it works great. no issues.  you'll get you money worth.  it works better than after market brands.  if you have a motorola then this is a must for mobile charging.
this is a great charger for the price! i would absolutely recommend this purchase! i am using the samsung galaxy s3.
if you run a high usage device you need this charger.950 mah  charges quick. build quality is nice price is outstanding. a steal at twice the price
i use this for my android phone.  it works great with my lg and motorola android phones.  i've bought two of them so far and they both work fine.
i have purchased this item in the past, was so pleased with the quickness this device charged both my phone and bluetooth, i am ordering several more for back up. i highly recommend this durable item. 5 stars!!
got this charger super fast. started using it monday and everyday since(total 7 days since review). this is a great little charger. charges fast. works with the s3 great. and; my wife loves the lighted motorola symbol. i recommend it.
great charter.  i use it for my cell phone(droid1).  my old charger would not charge my phone during turn by turn directions but this charger works great.fast charging.
i purchased this cable to power my htc one s which is almost identical in its power charging requirements. the little blue light on the end is nice to know if/when it's getting power. so far i am very happy with this purchase.
great product at a great price. i love that the blue light which lets me know it's plugged in all the way.
its exactly what we wanted and doest look cheap, its made of good material. looks like it will last us a long time
this item was cheap enough to try out and i wish i had bought more. they look really good with a blue light and the cord stretches to reach your device but retract to be short the micro usb connection seems well made and fits snugly.
works great and i love how it lights up. only $5 you can't go wrong. i wish i bought a car charger years ago.
works great.  got this for my husband and he uses it a lot.  works great and fits great.  nice design and long enough cord
it does a good job at charging my phone. the quicker the better.i like it!
this is my favorite car charger. it is sturdy, reliable, and good looking. it works just like my original factory charger just like it. note: the blue light inside the clear circle is very bright.
it works well with  samsung galaxy s4. i have not observed any charging / incompatibility issues thus far. great price compared to oem
product is working great,the length of the cord and the charging speed seems reasonable. i would purchase again if needed.
this is a great charger. charges my phone much faster than cheaper models. i am buying another one for my wife now.
motorola charger: legitimate, sturdy, cord pleasantly springy, and charges your device.  what more could you ask for?  i bought this based off of other reviews and they were completely on the money.
fast charging and pretty  definitely like the car charger.  by the time i drive my commute of 20 minutes, my cell phone battery will be charged enough for me to use it again.
works as advertised. i have two of these. for the price, you can't beat it (probably even for 100x the price you won't get any better charger). plus, you get the pretty blue light!
love the blue light!  my phone has a tendency to get a low battery so this is extra protection when i am not at home. thanks for a great well established company product at a great price.
looks like on picture. works as expected. tested with motorola defy. cable length is very convenient.sold by: wireless unlimited
i have tried several car chargers and i had an amazing amount of difficulty trying to find one that would work with my samsung galaxy s3   this one is perfect!
ordered this for my daughter. she has had it for months and this is the only car charger that has held up to her rough ways! highly recommend this!
this works on my evo 4g.  it also has a cool blue led.  considering the price, good buy.
i'm using this with my htc incredible. it does what it says   it charges significantly faster than the one i have plugged into my wall at home! it looks cool and makes me happy!
charges my blackberry 9930 (verizon) perfectly. micro usb plug fits perfectly snug on my phone. the blue motorola light is just bright enough to provide ambient lighting without blinding you while driving. well worth the $5.
it works, and the price was good! i would recommend as a replacement for when your car charger stops working.
love the led blue color. works with my phone very well and having the security of always having my phone charged.
no problems with it.  i use it almost every day charges my phone quickly.  i plan to buy another for my other car
considering this is less than $5, it's a great steal!  great charger, doesn't overheat my phone, charges quickly.  i like the little blue m for motorola which lights up, telling me it's charging.
i couldn't have asked for a better experience in finding and getting this charger for my droid. i went to the verizon store and they wanted $30 for the same charger. easy to find, recieved it within a couple days. thanks!
i love this charger works great i opened apps while it's charging and it still charged. it did not kill my battery like other chargers do when your on the phone .
these were much less expensive than others that i was looking at purchasing.  they were sent in a timely manner and in good condition.  i have not had much luck with car chargers lasting very long, so i guess only time will tell on this one.
it charges my nexus 4 with no problem and its bright blue light makes the car look cooler at night
this charger is great. i have an htc evo which is a very picky phone that won't work with all the cheap chargers but it works beautifully with this charger
this charger is great for keeping my power hungry cell phones fully charged whenever i'm away from home. higher output gets my devices charged faster than other 'budget' vehicle chargers.
had another charger but my phone stated it was charging via usb and not ac.  with gps running i couldn't charge it fast enough.  with this charger my phone now states it's charging via ac.
it is a great charger and it lights up which is a nice visual touch while you're driving and it lights up.
my fiance bought one of these 2 years ago, still running strong. so i purchased my own for my car, fast shipping, original packaging, and above all great price.you can't go wrong
great item. charged my phone fast. i hate i lost it already. the light on it was pretty cool. would recomend.
not only did i recieve it in timely manner, but its a high quality product! love it. other chargers are loose and cheap, this one is great! worth the money.
works great have two. one for each car. only complaint the light is pretty bright for night time in the car!
i read a lot of reviews from people commenting that the car chargers they ordered from various sellers were not the actual product shown/described in the listing. this is exactly what i ordered, and is a motorola product!
no problems with this charger yet. definitely a rapid charger. haven't used it while using my phone gps yet (to see if it will keep up with battery usage) but it charged my phones from dead to full in under 2 hrs.
this is a great charger cable.  when plugged in, it lites up so you know it has power. the cord is coiled up so it is less messy but will streach out a long way. i really like this cable and i think you will too.
great product recommended to anyone who wants to buy something reliable. would recommended and tell you product workd well. plug and charge nothing complicated.
quick delivery, and it works well. that the moto emblem lights up in a cool blue shade is a nice bonus!
this charger met all of my expectations for the price.  it charges really quickly and lights up blue, which is cool while driving in the dark.
i bought this charger for a samsung moment and samsung reclaim both of which have micro usb outlets. the charger works as specified and the blue light is a nice touch to remind that it is charging. overall very satisfied.
i've bougth the motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger  because it is very usefull to char my mobile in my car and  and also it worked very well
and both work very good with my samsung galaxy ii so i can't complain at this point.i will buy another one for my thisrd car
the discounted price ($6.95) is just a bit more than the cheapest off brand units, but it doesn't create static on my radio like the cheaper units do.  it's much better built and includes integral cord.
this is one on the best car chager out there. it is really beautiful. i have bought 3 of them.
easy to use and fully compatible with the samsung galaxy s4. like the blue light indicator while charging. good product.
i use this with my google nexes 4g and its charges it quick and for the price you can't go worng
i bought this for my motorola droid pro cellular phone. works great and it was much cheaper than purchasing it from verizon wireless.
i paid $30 for a charger from t mobile which stopped working after a few years. at $3 each with no obvious flaws, i'd say it's not a bad deal.
bought one to see how well it worked then bought two more because of how well it worked. wasted my money on a couple other brands before picking this one. highly recommended.
i purchased this adapter for my razr smart phone because of the motorola name and the price.  it works perfectly in my automobile and i use it frequently.  anyone who is looking for an alternative to verizon, at&t, etc. should purchase this adapter for a motorola razr.
frustrated by cheap car chargers that start being unreliable, i went for this one. i don't have a motorola phone, but i knew this charger would fit. it turns out that its the best i ever had. it's such good quality, i expect it will last.
works perfectly for my galaxy s3. charges very fast and efficiently. the light is a little bright and annoying, but surely you can get past that.
works great with my droid x. its a lot cheaper then the $30 one from verizon.
unbeatable price,  excellent build quality and convenient extra long cable.  charge time is very fast and the charger looks pretty cool.  highly recommended for any device with a micro usb port.
i have been through a lot of cheap chargers and for the price this blows them away. best i ever had. definitely bought 2
and it lights up blue and matches my vw dash so that's cool.does what it says.i bought it because it was motorola brand unlike the other cheapos they have on here.also bought a car usb port and it works with my cable to, still not as cool.
this was the first car charger i got for my phone, and i can tell my phone is happy to have it back. uncomplicated, works well, great quality and value.
i was glad i was able to purchase this online for my phone.  it was better and cheaper than the one i had. good purchase!
love the blue led when it is plugged in. i don't have any complaints about this purchase. i would recommend.
purchased for a samsung galaxy s ii. the circle part lights up once its in the charge port or lighter.the connection fits perfectly. both ends are secure when plugged in and easily remove when needed. coileddesign makes for great length without the dangling wire.
great charger.  charges quickly as stated by other reviewers.  i can foresee some people not liking the bright blue light it emits but other people will think its cool.
this is the same oem charger that i have gotten elsewhere, price was good. i would recommend this to anyone needing this car charger.
it's just a charger but i like the coils and the little clip lets you round up the slack. nice!
this charger works very well. it lights up wjen it is plugged in so you now when you have power.
works great keeping my phone full during trips, and auto charge tapering won't overcharge when it's done. a must have for anyone on the go so you have enough juice for your busy day.
lights up cool blue. cord is long enough and doesn't get tangled like some coiled cords do. i'm not sure if it charges my phone faster than other charge though.
ordered for new phone and have had no problem at all with it.  quality of product is good and works great.
love, love, love this charger! it works great. i wish we had one for every vehicle. it was exactly as described and arrived very quickly.
works great.  i have bought two of these and have had no issues with either one.  plus, when you plug it in, the charger glows rather prettily.
got it for my evo 4g and it works perfect. better then the one my wife bought from verizon for her phone so i will be buying a second one for her.
good quality over all. it does charge very quickly. no problems so far. futuristic blue glow    a nice touch.
one of the better chargers i have owned. this charger charges my samsung galaxy s3 rapidly and fits into my apparently larger than usual charger port. i like that it has a cool blue holographic m to let you know that it is powered.
works great and looks cool with the blue logo.  i like the little retainer/clip that keeps the cord a little more compact.
best charging with cheap price. streching cable is so useful and quicker for charging. no damage to phone, i like it so much
works like a charm in my car.there are no issues holding a charge or staying connected to my phone
nice car charger. well made, works beautifully and was very reasonably priced. the best i have found and i would recommend.
this was such a good value and just what i needed.  it has a blue light in the circle at the end of the charger so you know it's connected when the light is on.
works great with my phone and car.  the price is right.  i've owned it for over a couple of months now and still working
this works great with my droid. if i am using navigation, it actually recharges slowly. if i am just using it for my phone, it recharges quickly. great for the price.
i've gone through about 3 or 4 different car chargers before buying this one and i am beyond impressed. my phone charges faster than any other charger and stays charged just as long. awesome product
this is a great charger! gets the job done quickly and has been very reliable.  you won't go wrong with this!
works well in the care.  just what i wanted.  will get another one if needed.  wonderful to have in your automobile.
with this adapter i can charge my cell phone, mp3 player, and two tablet pcs using the industry standard micro usb plug. i have a cigarette lighter plug on my motorcycle and that's where this will be used. gps power on long trips also. just an exquisite solution.
i bought this charger for my wife after having used one for myself for almost two years with great satisfaction.
charge very quickly and love the blue light and very sturdy would buy again for the great product! ! !
recibi el producto segun las indicaciones. estoy muy satisfecha cumplio con las espectativas. vendedor recomendado y se entrego en el plazo previsto
great buy charges my galaxy s4 real quick. i would recommend this to anyone looking for a good car charger for ur galaxy phones
best charger you can buy, high amps and great reliability!  use this for my galaxy s3, s4 and htc one.
this works well, is a name brand and you can't beat the price.i've got two, had them for a couple of months now and all is well.the blue light is not noticeable in my car, it may be in yours.it is dim though, so probably won't matter.
likes: charges phone pretty fast (i would say 1% per min) has a blue light when chargingdislikes: can not think of any at the moment
i bought this charger for my husbands galaxy s3 and works good, i love how the motorola circle glows a blue color matches my husbands blue buttons in his cars, looks sharp and awesome price!
this charger has not failed it yet. it's durable, charges quickly, and has a blue light that turns on when it is plugged.
great purchase. the light indicates that it is charging, so no worries to leave the phone on on use it as gps. price was good too. so i would recommend this item.
i have ordered this item four times. i gave it as gifts twice and reordered once for myself. the first one lasted over two years of consistent use and i was so pleased that i ordered it again. this item is very sturdy!
works great with the samsung galaxy s ii, samsung skyrocket, and htc thunderbolt. my friend has also used it with his mophie iphone case. i would recommend it, especially for the price.
great power, fast charging. seem to be the best bang for the buck. i also have a hard time gettingg some chargers to actually charge my galaxy nexus, but this one works great.
this charger has been great and is worth the money.  no problems after months of use and is very well made!love the blue light that lights up when plugged in and in use!
excellent charger, works great, looks great, is very fast and has long cord.  i highly recommend this charger to anyone.
this is absolutely the best adapter that i have ever had in all my time using these things.  i use it everyday and i recommend  this to all that are looking for one.
super happy with this charger!  lightweight and perfect for auto use!  blue glow makes it fun to know when charger is active!
do yourself a favor and spend a tiny bit more money and buy this as opposed to the china ones that will screw your phone up (prior experience)
this is a quick charge product, that so far easily charges my phone without overheating the charger. it fits easily into a standard car charger jack. it does not come apart to change fuses in case it gets blown, and the thumb holder glows blue when plugged in.
great authentic product for great price.  it charges my droid, blackberry torch, and htc phones flawlessly.  i think it charges quicker than my previous generic car charger, too.
i bought this on a recommendation from my cousin and it is very satisfying. it is a very quick charger for a car.
what more could one ask from a product.  only possible con is the additional glow of another light in the car but at least you know it is getting power.
hard to find any fault with this charger. it's simple, cheap and does a perfectly acceptable job charging my nexus one while driving. what else is there to say?
many chargers out there that are a cheaper price, well.you get what you pay for. they can ruin a phone, charge extremely slow and just aren't high quality chargers. this charger is the motorola brand, its charge time is shorter and an all around great product! highly recommend it!
very fast.inexpensive.i actually ended up not needing this, my other one fit, but so cheap, not worth sending back with shipping.!!
this is well made and the blue light is a good indicator that it is on.  my wife really likes it.
works great.  secure fit in the jack and fits easily in my phone.  the blue light looks good to, but that doesn't really matter as long as it works.
great product. bought 2. works well with other phones that are also micro usb. much cheaper and better looking than what you get at the verizon store
it's always nice to get exactly what you thought you ordered.  this was the case here.  plus, the charger has a really cool blue light !
the charger appears to be of high quality and has a longer cord which is great for being able to actually use the phone while it's plugged into a port on a larger suv or truck.
does what it is suppose to but the blue light is very bright. some folks like it but my eyes are sensitive to light at night but i still use it
this car charger is just what i needed for my droid 2. it's small, compact, and charges really fast! great price too!
got this to charge my verizon wifi talk thing. works great and it has nice blue glow in the round pull handle.tom
does the job it's supposed to do.  cool blue power light.  bought two and the price is good for the quality. what else can i say?  strongly recommended.
i love this thing!  for the price you cant beat it.  charges my htc evo 4g just fine.  this not like the other cheapo chargers.
this was a gift for a friend. it does what it's supposed to. it charges your phone. no problems whatsoever so far.
nice simple product that works well. very happy with the speedy delivery by the seller. plan to use this product a bunch when on the road. the price was reasonably cheap as well.
product works greats,won't be without car charger use it when using gps on phone charges quick.$$ was good may get another.
this charger works great, what more do you need to know?  but it now.
received on time and is great   nice blue light once plugged into charger. cord is adequate and does the job.
it seems to work just fine. it charges my phone like it should with no problems. i would buy it again.
this is exactly as advertised and works perfectly.  i fried my last one during a power outage trying to charge my phone with this plug and two 6v batteries.  don't do that.
it works much better than my other charger; it is being used for htc evo 4g and that is all i have to say about this prodcut .
i believe it charges my phone more quickly than the charger that came with the phone to use in the house.
clearly better than the noname brands and even some of the carrier chargers.best for cars and really works quickly.very boticeable difference in this charger takes less time to get you back to full power.  suggest one in every car!
this is an amazing charger with beautiful design. i got it for my sisters van. it was supposed to be a gift but she paid me $10 because she loved it so much. highly recommended  
this unit was a motorola product and it charges my phone allot faster then other charges i've had before. i'm going to purchase another one.
this charger is a very good quality. usually aftermarket chargers are never like the ones that come with the phone, but this one is perfect.
this charger combines a unique style and function aspect for use in the vehicle. it is easy to use and seems to be of good quality. fast shipping and great price.
this charger is great. it is motorola and the soft blue glow of the circle is a nice feature that is different than the red dot light. great price.
best car charger ever and cute,   love the way it lights up blue when charging and amazon has the best price for it, this is my second purchase have one for each car.  i do recommend it for all.
it works great, is sleek looking (i like the glowing blue &#34;m&#34; sign), and isn't bulky.  great product, esp. for the price.
have tried others, but this one is the only one that consistently works with my droid, droid 2, incredible, incredible 2 and galaxy (droid) phones. it also worked with my motorola bluetooth h17. so worth it.
i ordered a motorola charger and the item i received was as pictured and in perfect working order.  i am very satisfied with the motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger.
not only does it charge fast but i love the fact that it lights up to confirm that it is working
great product the cord is heavy duty enough i should never have to worry about cord breakage . that has been the problem with other charger i bought.
it is very nice with my jabra freeway speakerphone. it is worth to you. if you buy a jabra freeway speaker, you will  find what i said is right
i have been using this for almost a year and this is much better than the original charger. best deal i have made with a good quality product and very cheap price.
for use in the car for a htc one.  charges quickly, and seems to be well built.  not likely to fall apart.
gets the job done at a great price. it has to be good it is a motorola product
a very cheap and stylish charger that works. the blue led may be a bit bright at night, as pointed out by people that ride with me, but it does not bother me.
lo he usado constantemente y es un buen producto, de f&aacute;cil instalaci&oacute;n y no causa fallos, muy resistente, llego en excelente estado pronto y son contratiempos.
i have ordered several o f these to have in every vehicle we own. i think they are fabulous and last a long time.
item was shipped quickly and arrived before my new phone even arrived! charger works perfectly! i love the blue light as well. it helps me locate my charger without having to fumble around in the dark.
exactly what i expect out of a car charger, works fast and the blue light is a nice touch!  reminds me to unplug it after the car is off.   
it does what they say: fast charge and it works great. i love the blue light and would recommend to others.
the charger comes in handy for work phone and personal on the road does not take too long to charge
product just as described. works very well and does not overheat the phone when used. charges the phone very fast even when in full use of navigation.
hands down, best charger for the money. nice looking, glowing blue light sometime might dazzle your eye at night. other than that everything is ok.
works perfectly for a reasonable price. i thought it was a steal, but i now see them other places for less. it does the job and sometimes it's just not worth searching around for a 2 or 3 dollar discount. i am happy i bought it.
works great, no complaints.  i even like the blue light   if it's annoying, rotating the charger will block it from your view.a year later and it's still charging my htc one with no issues.
the title says it all.  not having any issues after daily use.  definitely an oem product that looks and works wonderfully.
excellent car charger.would highly recommend to all my friends and family. this charger gives you a fast charge in my vehicle for mine & my wife's cell phones.
charger works perfectly, contains all genuine motorola logos/pieces. connections on both ends are perfect. the paper insert says there is a 1 year limited warranty from the date of purchase too
recently purchased motorola atrix 2's for the entire family.  the phones get used so it is nice to have the ability to charge the phones when we're on the go.  great value for the price.
i put this rating because i like the product and the pricingbetter then any other charges i purchased before
i purchased it for my moto x, it is a perfect fit for it. i arrived before the promised date, it was a great find on amazon, good price, and prompt service.
i purchased this for my daughter who has had several and they always seem to not fit snug or have a short in them within no time at all. this is not true with this charger. she loves it. and i am very satisfied with the purchase!
charged my phone pretty fast. i liked the blue color it had when it was plugged in, but i feel like it would be cooler if you could change it to any color you wanted.
very good unit, better than the after market stuff you see for $5.  appreciate the blue glow when it's working.  you know when it is offline if that blue glow is not there.
love this charger. wish it had the option to change the color or at least the option to purchase in a different color.but still works and looks great!
this is a very simple charger. has lasted now for a while, so it is not very cheap. does exactly what it is expected to do.
works great, love the cool blue light. great price. cord is long enough to still talk on the phone while it's plugged in.
does what its meant to do  simple but they want 14 more words before they will take the submission 1 more
i choose five because i like the product. i like the idea that it light up doing the charger process. will i recommend this products yes.
this is the official motorola charger for the droid x (not the rebranded verizon version), and it works flawlessly. it does not overcharge your phone and was designed not to waste power and work with motorola phones. works great!
this car charger works just as well as a regular charger you plug into a wall outlet.  absolutely outstanding.  i was skeptical when i read the other reviews that stated the same thing, but i am skeptical no more.  it works and it works good.
it does work great and looks cool with the blue illumination.  hopefully it will last a lot longer than those cheaper ones
i didn't want to buy a cheap generic phone charger that's why i was happy to see motorola made a charger for the inspire 4g. quality product, no problems, and works fine with inspire 4g. bought one for each car.
and i got them both car chargers to go with them so they won't be left away from home without their bluetooths.
arrived quickly. real mfg part no knockoff.  good build. works. blue light on big m is kinda cool. good handle too.
i have been using the charger for about 4 months now with no complaints and it appears to be a quality charger. i use it for my galaxy nexus and it accepts the charger with no issue and within about 20 minutes i can get approximately a 12 15% battery increase.pros:reliabledurablecons:none
works well, does exactly what it's supposed to do.works with any device that requires a micro usb charger.when purchasing a charging device, you always want to use one that meets all oem specifications to avoid any damage to your phone.you can't go wrong with motorola.
i have never had an issue with the cable. still have it and its works with all phones. its a very quick charger!
good product bright blue light, and long cord make it easy to use in your car.  it is micro usb and can fit most modern phones other than a motorola phone.  i have a samsung and it works, as well as a lg optimus g
best micro usb charger available in the market. it is a genuine motorola charger and it works fine with my htc one x.
works fine.  i like the bright light as a reminder that i have it plugged in.  it is strong enough for me to tug it out if necessary.
this is the perfect car charger for the droid 2.  it charges the phone quickly.  i bought two of them.  one for my wife's car and one for mine.  you should not have any reservations about buying this charger.
it works and it was much cheaper than getting it in a store. which is why i got it. plus i didn't have to go to the store to get it
plug and adapter work great.  can't beat the price.  there is not much more i can say.  it's a power cord.
so reliable, have ordered 3 so far to use in other cars. never fails me and if it does, it lets you know with a red light! lasts so long!
i like this charger. it charges fast and it is very long as well.  i recommend this product.  buy it.
i've been using this thing for about 2 years now and it still works great, i am very pleased with this charger. especially considering the price. if you are looking for a cheap micro usb charger, then this is a good option.
i have a samsung droid and it works perfectly with it.  great charger and came in a reasonable amount of time.  i am very happy with it.
just as it was described. i love it. works great and looks very nice. i will  tell friends. thanks for everything
it is a pretty charger, it charges quick . what else can i ask in a charger. it does what it is supposed to do, plus the extra pretty blue light and design.
i only write review when i am really impressed with some product.this is a very good product. super fast. i charge my galaxy s3. in 20 mins it charges 20%.
great extra charger for the car. easy to use. lightweight. would recommend if anyone needs a replacement charger. quick shipping.
oem motorla charger.build quality 5/5charge: 5/5real deal.its a little big, but if you are not putting it inside the charger inside your glovebox or center console you will  be happy with it.
charge the battery really fast. for this price it is worth to buy it. i wish motorola made the usb cable detachable.
paid $5 for it and works great, great deal and its a real motorola charger. best deal ive seen for a charger
cheap car charge i have used. long cord that i like since i can have it still pluged in and used it without bending over weird.
spend the extra couple bucks on this charger, i have a stratosphere and a droid 4, works well with both.  i bought three more for my other cars, well worth the money.
excellent charger. super fast charging compared to a regular usb plug. i will probably buy another for my other car.
this charger does the job. the wire is long enough, fits into the car socket easily and charges the phone. you won't be disappointed.
it's charges my droid bionic faster than my wall charger. i like the blue light. it makes it fancy. i'm more than satisfied with this purchase.
this charging cable is easy to see at night with the blue light. i really like it and would recommend it to anyone as a very good device and excellent price. .
looks great at night, with glowing center.has built in clip that keeps cord more organized.
i am using this for my samsung vibrant.  works perfectly, was shipped in the manufacturer packaging.  doesn't really to seem to charge my device rapidly, but that just might be my vibrant limiting the juice coming in.  still works great and is super cheap.
i bought this to replace another car charger i had purchased that fell apart.  so far it has worked very well and has given a rapid charge.
i bought 2 of these they are both in full time use, one for my car one for my wife's. i have them for well over a year, good quality highly recommended.
this charger has met my expectations. it is very attractive,  if you  want to call a charger attractive. the blue light is pretty.
the motorola vehicle power adapter with micro usb rapid rate charger works very well. i purchased it to charge my moto x cell phone while driving in my car. it looks nice, too.
i love it. especially since it lights up and you can see it at night. the cord length is great.
this thing is awesome! charges my droid in the car without any issues. great price too! i'm very happy with this product.
delivers good power and my phone charges as ac and not as usb cable, which makes it charge faster. get one and make your phone charge faster in your car!
this is the only car adapter i will buy. my first one died after a couple years and i immediately knew i wanted the same charger.
charges my phone as advertised. i can run gps and stream on my phone and the battery level does not drop.
factory charger at a great price. bought it for my motorola atrix hd. price is bettet than buying one at the att store.
this works great with my galaxy s3.  they charge phone at a fast rate and are durable.  cord is a good lenght also.
i bought this to use in my car with my droid charge.  it works perfectly on my phone.  my wife has an lg env, it works on her phone even though she gets a message saying the cord is not compatible.
this works great even though my phones are samsung and htc. i tried some others but have bought 2 of these and they both work great.
the motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger is better than i expected. i would recomend it to others
i was a little concerned about ordering a motorola charger for my samsung.  my old atrix car charger worked on my samsung, but it was very slow to charge.  this one works much faster, like it says.
product was just as portrayed.fits well and the functionality of the charger is fine. i would recommend this product to others.
works great with my moto x.  does exactly what i need it to do.  charges quickly and effectively.  it gives it a proper charge unlike using 3rd party chargers.
this charger works excellent for my evo and the wife's evo shift.  she took mine so i replaced it.  like the blue light when it is plugged in, might not like it so much if i had red or green lighted dash in the car.
had bad luck with other 12 v chargers with my droid razr maxx, including the one provided by verizon.  this works.
inexpensive but i am very pleased with the performance and the blue light is cool. i see no reason to spend more.
charges fast with long, flexible cord that can reach a long way.  great value for the price.  am very pleased.
i initially purchased two on these motorola chargers  from nucell wireless.one of them worked great, the other was dead on arrival.i sent them a message and they replaced it right away.i would not hesitate to perchase from nucell wireless.
why pay the phone store 3 or 4 times as much as it is here for? excellent quality and a name brand for less money.
what can you say about a car charger? it charges your smartphone. it works well with my phone. the logo lights up in blue. it is attractive. it is very affordable.
very good product! it charges very quickly. it really works good i would recommend this  motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger to anyone.
this is the best phone charger i have ever owned! it charges super fast and has a nice design! the blue light is very cool to! best charger ever
what can i say. it works as advertised, was the right price, and looks cool with the motorola logo glowing blue when you plug it in.
i have had this charger for over a year now with no issues at all. it is a motorola original so the name says it all.
everything works perfectly when it arrived.  blue light turns on when it's properly charging, and i really like the stretchy cord to help keep organization and storage easy
charges fast. no complaints. nice blue light. i would expect to pay much more for a motorola brand changer. a must have.
charger works great and the lighted end isn't too bright to distract me from driving.  helps me find the cord in the dark.
works great and i like the blue indirect led lighting this thing gives off. getting another for sure.
charges up my phone faster. i love it. i thought that it was just a regular charger but it charges up my phone even faster than my old charger i'm glad i bought is charger.
this charger works great and it really charges rapidly.  i've had no issues with it since i received it.great product and not expensive.  would definitely recommend to anyone.
excellent quality for a great price! highly recommend! much better pricing than buying from verizon. bought for my droid 3 and works perfectly!
have purchased several if these for each vehicle and travel. only had to rep,ace one.only after 6 years of use. awesome price compared to retail!
i've had this for a week. it feels cheap but it works. no problems. what more can you ask for.
the charger works and came as described. works very well with my tmoblie samsung galaxy. i also love the blue illumination from the charger. no complaints.
i bought one for me and one for my mom and they both work perfectly in both a mustang and sonata
needed a cheap but well built/durable charger for my phone. this does the job perfect (it looks pretty nice too). not much else needs to be said. highly recommended.
this is a great charger it is what i was looking for amazon.com is a real great place to find what it is you are looking for i'm very pleased with everything. the price was just right.
this car charger works great. high current so the phone charges quickly and not some cheap knockoff. would buy again
received item more than promptly and it works as advertised, i use it on a daily basis, very happy with purchase.
works great for my droid 2 and works on my blackberry bold 9650 too!  don't waste your time with the super cheap ones, they do not work as well as the oem charger, and at this price there's no reason not to get it right the first time.
awesome price awesome build quality. it charges super fast!! there are zero cons about this charger. all pros! i strongly recommend this charge to all the android users!
the best car charger i have ever owned.  this charger still stays plugged in to my phone were other chargers pull out.  the charging speed is excellent.
works great and charges my samsung galaxy s3 fast.  that blue circle you see in the picture lights up when it is charging so you definitely know if the charger is actually getting power which is great!
i like the kight in the round part of the plug.you can know it is on or off.  fantastic oem quality.  not sure how they get these for 10% of the price that verizon charges but they do
this is a genuine motorola charger, not some knockoff. great quality, charges my droid razr very fast, and the blue led motorola symbol looks really cool. so glad i bought this instead of some universal charger from verizon.
works great, long cord, cool glow when plugged in. ;)i'll definitely buy another one when i need it for the car.
excellent product. ordered it right before my trip to rockies. arrived on time and extremely handy to use with my samsung galaxy phone when i was in a new areas that i've never been to, to navigate me every where i wanted to go. charges the phone pretty fast
the blue light is nice, i guess   at least it tells you it's working.  for whatever i paid   well less than $10, this was great.
works great for my droid x charges faster then house charger and works for my husbands samsung prevail i would recommend this product
i bought two of them for my wife and i to use with our evo phones, it works great and a great price.
all the way around, from the design, the cool blue color, the length, durability, the quality. i love this product!
i received an authentic motorola charger just as pictured.  it glows blue to show power is available which i like.  good quality plugs. does what is says and i am more than satisfied.
i got a second one for my wife she loves it so i am going to get one for each car.
bought to replace my 3 year old knock off car charger that finally broke.  this has a cool blue light that looks cool at night and also lets you know if the charger is receiving power or not.
got this as a replacement charger for my phone. it works great and the center plastic piece with the motorola logo does light up blue! no complaints.
received the chargers very quickly and they work as described.  very good value too.
i use these in all of our vehicles and for all of our android phones.regardless of brand (only one of our phones if motorola).  they work great in every way.  just don't loan them out   you'll never get them back (speaking from personal experience!).
bought this for charging my galaxy phone in the car, and it is a wonderful charger at a fantastic price!  i'd highly recommend it.  it looks like it's more expensive than it is, as the adapter has a blue light that glows in the dark.
this works as it should.  the blue light is bright but not distractiing.  the cable is a good lenghth and seems like it is very well made.
i didn't want to spend all that money at the verizon store for a car charger, so i gave this one a shot.  it works perfectly in my honda accord with my samsung galaxy s3.
this charger looks cool and works very well. the glow is not obtrusive at night but still bright enough to glow in the day light.
great car charger   have not had any issues with it in charging my android and have in fact bought two more for friends and family.
love the blue light when it's plugged in.  does a great job of charging and is made with high quality materials.  design is wonderful.
this wonderful usb charger isn't just for motorola phones. it works with my lg optimus s, allowing me to use the phone and gps features while charging.
this is still in my car as it was purchased long ago.  i would recommend this item.  the light lets you know it is connected!
this unit has been around for years and always has been fantastic. for the money, one cannot go wrong. these days with all the electronics, it is indispensable, small, and good to keep in the car.
i've had a couple other car chargers that stopped working. this one has worked well so far and i may come back to review again in a few months
i bought this charger for a galaxy s 4g and it works perfectly. the one i received is a genuine motorola charger, not a knock off as mentioned in another review. the blue light is cool too.
my phone's battery is dying.this will help keep me from replacing my phone right now.  helps me to save money.
this fits perfectly in my car and charges my phone pretty quickly.  i use it for my galaxy s3. i love the glowing blue light. it is just cool. i keep it plugged in all the time and have no problems.
we bought one for each vehicle, its a must when traveling!i love how they light up when powered. help us know if its plugged in all the way.
i connect it when the battery charge is low.  when i disconnect it, the battery charge is higher. therefore, it works.
i was looking for a decent car charger for our various devices. base on previous experiences with motorola devices i bought this charger. fast shipping and a great deal. works well and i am 100% happy with device and seller.
good value. it works! i use it everyday in my car since i bought it quite a while ago. not much else you can expect.
it works very well and is a lot cheaper then going to the verizon store.  it's motorola and they made my phone, so it's a good fit.
i purchased one of these 2 years ago. when it finally broke i decided to order another one. it works perfect with any micro usb phone i have thrown at it.
this charger works well to charge my triumph in the car.  quality and price are good values.  stem has blue led which is fine, i could take or leave.
great product, reliable and got the item quick!!  thank you for the great service and great product.would recommend this product for anyone seeking a car charger.
exactly as pictured, a real motorola charger. the blue light is a bit bright at night, but it looks cool.
the build quality combined with the price on amazon makes this a great buy. i'd recommend it to anyone looking for a decent charge cable.
i just got mine's in today and it works perfectly!  i can now return the one i bought from the verizon reseller in the mall.  saved me a lot of money!
this charger does exactly what it is supposed to, with no issues. my old one would slip out on it's own.not this one.
it not only looks cool but it's a great product and charges quickly.  will definitely be buying another one soon.
i purchased this because it was pretty cheap. i bought 2 more for friends. no complaints. i like the blue light too.
blue glow is a bit bright at night.  i just turned it so that it was facing the other direction.
i previously purchased a retractable car charger and just after a couple of uses it stopped charging my phone. i bought this one and it has worked for me every time! it's a good quality and i like how it lights up blue when in use.
such a  great charger for my evo 4g. unlike so any car chargers, this one actually delivers enough juice to charge my phone at a speed comparable to my home charger. best car charger i've ever had!!
product works great. i really like the blue light when charging.  fast shipping from the vendor.
it's a phone charger and it works just like the original that came with my motorola phone.it shipped quick and performs fine.  i ordered two   one for the office and one for my luggage when i travel.
this item fully charges any device i connect it to.  not just powering the device like some cables do.  the round surface glows  a nice blue which i enjoy.  great item
i really like this charger is not expensive and charges my phone pretty fast about the same as if i was charging it home.
top notch quality.  stylish.  constant power.  easy connect and disconnect without ruining the connector.  i would definitely buy this again.
i have always had issues with non oem car charges so when i got my new droid razr of course i needed a new charger. product works just fine and amazon always seems to have the best deals. overall very happy.
it definitely looks nice with the led light on the logo. charges my samsung gs4 steadily. recommended for those who uses cell phones as gpss.
charger works perfectly, but the best part is the cool blue glow.  often with car chargers there is a tiny red light that can end up on the out of sight side and then you don't know if the charger is drawing power.  no doubt with this one.
we have had these for about 2 months and they are great. i can't believe they were so inexpensive and work very well. durable, nice looking, good price.
seems to charge quickly and no glitches so far. also the cable is a good length and there is a light indicator to show when it's plugged in.
this item is of high quality. exactly a factory stock product. cool blue hue when charging phone. don't know why anyone would buy anything else for a motorola.
its a great product! love the style and the fit in the phone! exactly what i was looking for! highly recommended seller! thanks!
works well so fat and emits a cool blue light when it is charging in the car. i like it so far and it works with my samsung galaxy s3. also charges really fast.
bought one for me, worked great for my note 2. my old one just could not keep up with the gps, data, music and everything else going on while driving. my mom had the same issue, do i bought her one too for her s3. works great!
authentic motorola product. purchased the exact same one in the sprint store last year for $25.00. what a bargin! would buy again in a heartbeat!
i bought this product to use with my droid and my blackberry. it works fine. it was definitely worth what i paid for it.
bought this for my bro and my mom since they needed car chargers. i usually try to get oem brands from amazon which are at a reasonable cost instead of third party brands, and this was definitely worth it. it feels rugged and works great.
this chargers works well with my samsung galaxy s3. it is definitely a rapid rate charger unlike my last purchase. overall, it does what i need it to do.
this charger arrives quickly, and is works excellently in my vehicle, and quickly charges my htc phone, and doesn't stop working just because it got some water on it , given that i live in the north and all it does is snow currently. works great worth the buy.
works great and the blue light is cute too. its super durable as well. chargers my phone with ease. cost is perfect for the quality.
there are times when you need to charge your blue tooth when you are in your car.this device does it.
this is the 3rd one of these i purchased in 4 years. only one died after almost 2 years of heavy use. they were bought to replace other chargers that died.
whenever i go for a car ride, i bring this bad boy with me and i know it will charge it a good 15 20% in 10 minutes if i do not use it when charging. i would buy this product again.
i think the &#34;bottom line&#34; here is that you must stick with oem motorola products for their phones. this item works perfectly. it is well designed, and well engineered.
don't but an over priced phone charger at the cell phone store. buy it online. this item is solid. works just as advertised and looks very cool with the big blue m lighting up at night. would highly recommend.
this one looks cooler than the standard one you get at verizon or best buy. would definitely recommend and would buy again.  as always, fast shipping from amazon. it's great to be a prime member
more attractive than the original and works just as well if not better.can't complain at all.works well with my droid x
got the genuine motorola adapter (not chinese knock off) and it works great. blue lite is kinda neat but not really necessary. recommended.
love the bright blue led and the charger works flawlessly with my galaxy s4. i will probably purchase another one soon.
this is the official samsung galaxy 3 for the droid x , and it works flawlessly. it does not overcharge your phone and was designed not to waste power and work with samsung phones. works great!
i didn't say cheap, i said inexpensive. cheap is low price, low quality. this is low price with great quality. i use it with my galaxy s3, and it does a great job.
i purchased four of these so we would always have them where we needed them. the blue light looks nice in the dark. the charger has worked from day one and continues to work perfectly. i have had no problems using them as a charger for a samsung galaxy 2.
works great and looks great. i love the blue lighting on it, and it comes with a nice plastic hook to keep the charger neatly in the car.
i put off for a long time gettng a car charger for my phone. i am very happy that when i decided to get one i got this one. works great i have never had an issue.
over the past few months i have order over 100 of these units and they all have worked perfectly.  microusb is universal and it has worked on all the devices i have tested with.sprint lg optimus gvarious sprint mifi'svarious verizon mifi'sverizon samsung galaxy nexusi recommend this!
i don't really have anything to add about the charger other than noting another phone that it works with.  this is just some information for those concerned since the captivate has a recessed micro usb port covered by a sliding door.
love these cords.  they seem to be longer than the standard cords you buy from a cellular store.  after i purchased mine, my boyfriend decided he liked them better than his own as well & i purchased two additional ones for him.
like their phones, top notch, bright blue led lets you know it's plugged in or not. buying more for the inlaws. not sure why amazon limits you to two per order?
simply put this is the best charger i've ever owned. simple, fast, and durable. only thing is the light is pretty bright. nice if you are going for some color in your interior. so not really a negative, just an observation.
bought 2 of these one for each car. very nicely built and are actual motorola products shipped fast and works great does a great charge.
this is well made. it is either a motorola or one hell of a knock off. it doesn't heat up or make me think i cannot leave it charging unattended without my car catching fire.
this charger is amazing, i still can't believe i got this shipped to my door for 6 bucks. it charges quite fast & is built with quality in mind, if you're looking for the most bang for your buck out of a car charger, can't go wrong w/ this one.
its a must have. it works, it looks good and thats that. there isnt really much else to say about a car charger.
as advertised. long cord   stretches far. charges phone well. buy this, not a cheap charger that will fry your $500 phone. no complaints from this complainer.
finally an adapter that will let my galaxy nexus run navigation and take a charge at the same time!  a 20 minute trip to work with the screen on gets me about a 10% charge increase.  screen off nearly doubles that!
i purchased this almost 2 years ago and it's still going strong. use it to charge my phone whenever i'm in the car. the blue light helps you know it's working (although my phone can tell me too) and it's design is decent as is the length.
came sooner than expected. works great and looks great. and the blue light looks great in my car. thanks amazon!
this charger works great.  it is genuine motorola.  the price was unbelievable.  much cheaper than a no name charger at a big box store.  no problems with this at all.  (the blue light is cool!)  i highly recommend this item.
i wanted a charger in all one peice.  seems when i have the usb cord and then plug into an adapter, they always come loose in the car.  this is all one piece and stays plugged in.
this charger is so much better value than the overprice charger verizon sells for the droid.  it's a standard micro usb port on the droid and this charger charges the phone flawlessly.  nice blue light, very well made, professional look, great price.
bought one for three cars. like the extra length of the coil cable.recommend also because it will keep device charged while using.
fast shipping, good product that over delivers.  motorola vehicle power adapter has a fast charge and doesn't overdo it.  buy this if you have a chance!
motorola quality at a bargin price!! i consider this a fantastic buy. i ordered my wife one too. over all i would give the product a 5  out of 5 .
easily hooks up to your cars lighter or adaptor recepiical and has a light that stays blue to show that it is working.
this rapid rate charger works great! my other car charger stopped working so i needed a new one. purchased this and it works awesome and charges my phone quickly. lights up and looks cool! definitely glad i purchased this charger.
i use this to charge my htc rezound. it seems to charge pretty fast and i have yet to have a problem
i received the charger promptly and it works perfectly. i especially like the way the blue motorola logo lights up when you plug in the charger.
awesome product. i brought several. delivery was fast. one of best product you i an buy for the price. works great in the car.
i got exactly what i expected.  the charger works great in my car, and even charges while using the gps on my phone.
it seems that all my charges burn out at some point, or don't fully charge my phone.  this product seems to be doing well.  i've had them a few months now and still going strong.
needed to replace the car charger i had.  this one was cheap, fast to get and does a wonderful job,  i like the way the rounded top of the plug glows indicating that electricity is flowing.
the product works great and meets what is listed under the product.  the price is good for the product and charges great!
just like the one you see the big boys selling!! cool blue light on when plugged into the charge point!!
the motorola micro usb charger was received as advertised in pristine condition. the price was also a selling point. overall very satisfied and pleased with this transaction.
great quality fo the price. would buy again in the future. great cord for the price that i paid for it.
works very well. like the blue light charging indicator.will undoubtedly save me money on electricity charging phone at home. nice emergency back up charger when on the road. charges very well.
this power adapter works great and for the price can't be beat!  it has a nice blue glow which is a perfect match for my honda cr z blue interior lighting!
i was kinda skeptical about buying such a cheap charger, but several months of use later, i'm glad i did. it just plain works, and the light looks kinda cool at night. if it bugs you, you can just pull the charger out a bit and it turns off too.
micro usb fits snug. charges quite fast. the blue glow is subtle and a nice  stylish indicator it is working.
i purchased this to replace my lost verizon car charger.  it charges just as fast as the verizon charger.  the connector fits better into my car charging port.  slides in easier compared to the verizon charger that scraped gave the "scratch a chalkboard" feeling.
i live by my car charger. it's a very handy thing to have. i bought this for a friend who didn't have a car charger, and i thought he should. he says it works really well and chargers fast  just what one would ask for in a car charger. thanks!
its a charger. was cheap fulfills its purpose and is sufficient quality to last the duration i will likely need it to.
very good quality, works w/ my samsung galaxy siii and is a nice snug fit. i bought 2 of these!
as the title states, fine part (nice blue circular light), but does not work with motorola xoom, so if you are looking for a car charger for the xoom, look elsewhere.
these work great to rapid charge most micro usb devices in a short amount of time.  it will even charge my hp touchpad, although slowly, something most other chargers will not do! we have now purchased 4 of these to use in both cars in both outlets!john
you can only buy junk for so long. motorola makes the best product for their devices hands down. no more aftermarket crap for me,
solid construction and powerful enough to charge the mytouch 4g (htc glacier). the illuminated blue logo confirms that charger is properly engaged when in use and that it's off after removing the key from the ignition. no complaints after 5 months of occasional use.
i bought this for the moto droid.  works fine as far as i can tell.  haven't gone from empty to full yet so i don't know how long it takes but it definitely charges the phone.
oem product for a fraction of the coast at a verizon store and the quality is superior to cheaper no0name units that would stop working after a few months under my constant use.
finally a charger that charges the samsung note 3. i went from ny to fl to ga  using the gps and phone calls and it kept charging my phone the whole time
great, have one in each car! easy to grip, have arthritics hand, easy to plug in.  the price was better than expected   by a long shot.
i got this for my galaxy s3 to replace a charger that i had gotten that didn't charge the phone at all.  this one actually works as advertised.
one of the best car chargers i have had. price is reasonable enough, and works very well. worth the money.
the product was exactly as posted and works great. original motorola genuine product and does charge faster than most car chargers. i read before buying that people may have received a knock off product but that was definitely not the case here. thanks for the cheap prices and great products.
works great for my samsung galaxy s3 and the blue light lets me know it is on. it may be too long for some situations.
you plug it in, it charges batteries.  if it can pull of that daunting task it certainly ought to get the five stars.
the motorola vehicle power adapter looks well made and works as advertised. great deal for the price. lowest price i could find.
i bought this charger to work with a samsung galaxy s iv. the charger works great with my galaxy s iv and the pleasing working light for the charger is an added value. i heartily endorse and recommend this charger.
great charger. not expensive (which worried me when i ordered it), but it does exactly what i bought it for.
the charger is nice design, works well in the car, and also a reputable name of motorola. had no problems.
nice package with good led indicator, good gripper on adapter body,  solid fit, yet easy to insert and remove.  would highly recommend to all.
to put it in simple terms you absolutely can't beat the price for how solid this charger is as well as how fast it charges my gs3!
the charger (made by motorola) is perfect match for my motorola phone, and its priced right.  why take the chance with an &#34;aftermarket&#34; substitute.
i purchased this to use for my galaxy s3 as all the other chargers would not keep a good connection.  this charger works great!
a great car charger that works with various android devices. lg's product line specifically. nice build quality and good cable length.
the charger seems to do its job very well. i had previously purchased the cheap $1 $2 car chargers and they were garbage. it is worth to pay a little more for a good charger.
i've had this for over a year now and have not had any issues what so ever.  highly recommended, great inexpensive product.
with the way batteries in smart phones drain so quickly it is nice to have something you can use while driving to charge them . item works as described and round blue light lets you know it is on.
charges the phone. sturdy design. glows a really cool blue color. great price. cannot tell if it charges any faster, though.
nice charger and you cannot go wrong with motorola.  nice to have for spare if i forget to charge the phone the night before . also has a nice look to it.
works great with my htc phone. i haven't had any problems and loves the fact it lights up letting you know when it charging. 5 stars.
it works well with the nexus one and the lg ally. the blue light isn't too bright.
great price and love the light indicator. works great. i don't notice a difference in charging speed between normal wall plugs and this charger.
the charger is well put together.  doesn't feel flimsy like some of the cheap ones.  i could do with out the blue led circle as it can be distracting at night.
charges faster than other, cheaper car chargers. the big blue motorola m is ridiculous and makes it too long for me to leave in the socket.
like i said, works like it should. shipped quick, an works great in all cars and both of our phones.
i've had this charger about a month and it does great. charges my droid razr super fast. i like the blue light too. makes it easy to see if it's plugged up or not.
it got to me by the date i was told and the charger fits perfectly into my phone and charges it quickly
this is a great charger.  functions at described.  very happy with.  also, like the the motorola emblem glows blue when it is plugged in.
this works really well and charges fast! definitely worth the extra cost over a no name one, as i have found many of those break easily and do not work!
searched for longer than i thought it would take to find an actual motorola brand charger, most of the chargers that come up in the search are cheap non motorola junk.  these are the real deal and good quality.
i have been using this with my samsung galaxy s3 and it has been working great, charges well, even when using gps or other apps.
i bought this charger for my lg optimus and galaxy nexus, it works as advertised no problems so far. great customer service i would recommend it to my friends.
ive bought a few of them and have given a couple to friends, the ones who buy 29.99 car chargers from the verizon store. none of them have any complaints. it does its job
love this phone charger gives out a cool blue light, charges phone in a decent amount of time, the look and style of charger looks like an expensive charger. i would definitely recommend this charger to everyone
i am  very satisfied with this product it really works and i love the light for that way for sure you know if it is charging
it's a well made article. i'd prefer without light, it's to bright when you are driving in the night.ps: sorry my bad english
for the small price this product works great for my motorola droid. also has a cool blue light.
had gone through 2 razr maxx phones before being told by verizon customer service that moto phones do better with oem parts.  charger works great for my moto and my wife's gs4.  the blue glow can be a bit distracting during night driving, otherwise a good product.
not much to say    the charger works fine in my car with my moto barrage.  indicator light shows when it's on.
very low price, works perfectly, fits snugly into my outlet and has a blue light to show that it's powered. i'll definitely buy another one should i ever need it, and i will absolutely be suggesting this to my friends.
works well while showing a blue light when plugged in which i like, it's easy to see when driving to make sure your charging your phone.
works great for me, i have had no problems.  too bad i bought this for full price when i got my droid.
good price and charge.  don't buy the cheap ones in the store as they break and are worthless in charging.  this is a motorola which is great quality for a great price.
get product.  very well made and its a motorola brand.  works great and has a blue light so you know it connected
the charger works well in my car.  the blue light indicate the charger is working.  i charge my phone whenever i am in my car.
this is an oem motorola car charger. im not sure why some people on here claim its generic but this is the second one ive ordered and they have both been great rapid chargers and both oem motorla's. dont pass up this deal!
its a car charger and it works. its a little big, with that big end with the motorolla symbol on it (that glows blue). but its a great replacement charger.
pros: works as advertised; rapidly charges both motorola phones and anything else that takes micro usb.cons: fairly large and bulky, and has a blue light which is annoyingly bright at night. look for one of the flush usb vehicle adapters instead without a light.
product works great, charges my htc desire quickly. the plug is a little large, but you can see that in the product photos, so i won't count that as a fault.
great charger for the price.  can't really say anything bad about it. the blue light does stay on continuously when it is plugged in, which some people may find annoying, but it really doesn't bother me one bit.
nice motorola charger, good fast charging rate, and an excellent price.  it's definitely worth the price and is great enough to get a couple for each vehicle.
this charger works for any kind of phone with the micro usb charger port, not just motorola's. the cord is plenty long. can easily reach to the back seat, if needed.
it came right when i expected it, the price was great, and i love the charger, the blue light is so easy to see, and classy looking. thanks!
it was compatible with my phone. works really well by charging quickly.  not bulky at all. and lasts a long time.
i got it for my htc thunderbolt. it charges quickly compared to my old car charger. apparently, i got the genuine one.
solid quality.  unlike many chargers on amazon, this is a motorola product.  the round portion glows blue when plugged in, which can be a little distracting at night.  however, it makes my car look more sci fi so i'm going to stay positive on this one.
this item paired with the navigation dock, were just what i needed.  they work great in my vehicle.  thanks again.
works fine with my lumia 820! i bought this one instead of the nokia charger mainly because of the ma rating. this one has 950ma which is close to the original nokia wall charger(1.2 a). it charges fast, allowing me to use gps while driving. good product!
i feel like this charger is faster then the wall socket charger my galaxy s3 came with. this thing is fast and the led light serves as a reminder that it is still plugged in, i like to pull it out of sight when i am not using it.
save your money and make sure you don't purchase these at the verizon store.  these are the best priced ones on the market and they work perfectly.  have been using mine with my droidx for about two months.
seriously, this same item is for sale for 20 30 dollars in other stores.  i bought two for $6.  it is a no brainer. i can actually afford to loose it if i ever do.
works great with my samsung galaxy s3.  only way to improve it would be to make the cord a little longer. otherwise it is fine.
like it so much order another one. i fofnt what the bad reviews are about guess it just depends on which on you get i guess great price
this charger works, feels and looks just as described. i recommend it since it is just a fraction of the cost of those at the phone stores.
i am very happy with this product. it works great charging my htc droid incredible  in the car.the motorola unit seems to work with many if not all micro usb devices.
convenient size and works great for my galaxy s3.  i really like the blue light that lets you know the power is truly connected.
cheap car charger, worked as expected, like the light so you knwo when it is charging. wd1 wd2 wd3 wd4
the charger works great!  i like everything about it.  it charges my phone (moto droid) super fast!  i even like the cool blue light it gives off. i would highly recommend this product to anyone with a droid.
very nice charger   works great with htc inspire. bought one for my wife's car and am back on buying one for myself. for under 5 dollars, you can't go wrong right?
i bought one of these chargers for my htc thunderbolt in november 2011. it still works great. recently, i was on a trip and i needed a charger for my rental vehicle.  so, i bought another one. it works great too! i like you.
i love this charger. does not take up a lot of room.  the round bubble at the end lights up blue to let you know it is in  and ready to charge.
charger is perfect and just what i ordered. with very quick shipping. will buy again from this seller.
its oem. it gets the job done.   only dislike about it is the electric blue color it emits at night. problem semi solved if you turn the charger to not face up.
you will love this charger. when you have power to it the blue light comes on and looks nice. charges my s3 fast with no problems to report. buy it!
genuine motorola charger not a knock off.  can run gps/nav and actually charge and not just maintain the battery on s3.
great product for the price! would recommend to any one that wants a good quality charger. would buy again in the feature.
works as described for fast charging phone.  like the blue light to indicate it is connected.  saved me lots of $ from buying expensive charger for samsung galaxy s3.  arrived promptly.
works perfectly with my htc evo.  i ended up ordering three total; two for me for the car and plane and another one for my dad.
thanks, it's exactly what i wanted and works great.  appreciate how quick it came and the low price.  would definitely order again
rapid is no understatement! best value for a charger i've come across. as long as you don't mind the blue light being on at all times when plugged in, you'll enjoy this legit charger. works great with my droid 4!
their is a reason why this product has all this positive feedback because you should buy it if, you want a charger that charges your phone quickly.(simple as it can get)phone: samsung fascinate
excellent quality!!! have a few years with it and its great!!! no problems at all!!
works great with my phone!
nice charger: i love that it lights up in the center piece. it charges my droid bionic quickly, and the cord seems to be of a high quality and not likely to split or fray.
i bought this as a replacement for the one which came with my phone.  it works perfectly for a lot less than motorola charges.
this was amazingly inexpensive and works perfectly.  i love it and actually bought a second one for my other car!
this is a licensed motorola product. i have used the &#34;cheap&#34; ones from other sellers with poor results. this one looks better than the picture and it works great.
works great and a great price. charges my samsung galaxy 3 perfectly and quickly. for the money you can not beat it.
works great, zero problems. i would recommended this to anyone who needs a charger for their car. good stuff. 100% satisfied.
i have bought two of these over a year ago, one for myself and one for my sister.  they still work great, i even bought one of these for a co worker.  you can't beat it for under $7.
well worth the extra few bucks vs cheap $2 chargers on fleabay. works perfect. will be buying a couple more as extras just in case we lose them.
this helps out alot cause i charge it before i go to the gym and/or before i go for a run. i know it will be always charged.
charger looks really cool and works well. the glass part lights up blue when plugged in. well worth the price.
i ordered from amazon and i received a genuine motorola charger. it matches the picture displayed on the item page, and i couldn't be happier. i tested it and it works well.
this charger is perfect, and works flawlessly.  it looks pretty cool too, as the center lights up when it's plugged in.
i bought this for my wife, who travels for her job. it works without any issue and charges her droid razr quickly.
got this for my niece. she has a samsung smartphone and is very happy to be able to charge it in the car now!
what can i say. it's name brand (motorola), is good quality, and it's cheap! i've bought a few of these already for myself and friends/family. i rarely if ever use a car charger but it's nice to have one in each car. definitely five stars!
bought this for my htc evo 4g and it works just fine. the blue led light up is a cool touch as well.
since i don't have a nav in my car i used google maps/nav on galaxy s3 which drains the battery pretty quick.this motorola charger sends enough charge to my phone to keep my battery charging while i'm using gps.love it. great investment. and cheap.
this is my second time ordering this charger.  i beat the crap out my first one and it last about a year and a half.  for $5 bucks you can't go wrong.  beats buying one at the cell phone vendor for $30.
it does what it is supposed to do without any need for bells or whistles. the light is somewhat annoying.
great deal,motorola unit works as it should. looks great,cool lighted plug.will buy again if i need another one.thank you amazon
bought this for my samsung vibrant.  works  perfect and looks cool. no  problems as of yet
the charger is very reliable and charges fast. i plug my phone in as gps. it works perfect. the blue light indicator is very cool!
we bought some of these to keep in our various cars so we wouldn't have to constantly be remembering to grab them.  they work great and at the price, we can keep them in the vehicles and they're always available.
this is a good charger for a very reasonable price. it does what it should and even looks cool while doing it (lights up blue when plugged in). may get another one for other car.
i was skeptical about this charger because it was so inexpensive but it has worked quickly and well.  an excellent investment!
this charger truly does charge quickly. much better than my wall plug charger. i would buy this again and recommend it to anyone in the market for a car charger for their phone.
this is the perfect charger.  so inexpensive.  super fast to charge my phone.  i even like the looks of it and how it lights up when it's plugged in.
awesome. love this sleek design. the light it not so overwhelming and makes it easier to use in the front seat than others i own. great shipping. fast charging.
shipped in really quick and does its job very well cant ask for more for the price plus the glow blue motorola symbol is a win.
this is a great product and the price is affordable! i have not had any problems yet. thanks! highly recommend it!
the price can't be beat for this great chargerworks for htc sensation greatthe cord is stretchy and tightexcellent deal with rapid shipping and it even lights up blue
i bought this almost a year ago rather than the over priced one at the cell store. it works perfectly and was much cheaper than at the 'vz' store.
good condition, slow at charging, but that is how car chargerswork. worth the money spent! would buy thus product again.
this car charger is small, squishes down to an even smaller size and charges my note 2 easily.  the cord stretches out to be long enough that i can use it while it is charging.
works great and shipped super quick!! also looks kind of cool when it lights up when you plug it in!
it works great and it is nice how small it is.  i dont like the blue light, it can be bright at night but it is a nice charger.
amazing. price was so right and it works great. picking up another for my husband's truck.  would recommend to all.
this is the best car charger i have owned.  it charges my phone quickly and doesn't over heat it, which is rare.
this car charger was delivered in record time and perfect to stash in the console to charge on the go if i forgot to charge the phone at night.
works great and charges quickly!
does what it is supposed to do  and has a very long cord so can charge phone from a back seat. great product!
incredibly happy with this charger. the blue light isn't as bothersome as i thought it would be. it charges my phone rapidly as advertised.
purchased the item to charge my motorola droid phone.  after more than a year, it is working fine.  the quality of the wire, and adapter is very good.
i purchased two of these charges. one for my wifes honda and one for boat. have only used one put it works just fine.
this car charger works great with my htc one and my sons droid razr hd.  great charger.  great price! buy it!
my last one died and came apart. i replaced it with this one. much better quality and it lights up when it's connected. i'd recommend.
great deal on this charger that is being sold in the phone store for $30!!  works perfectly and the blue glow reminds me to grab my phone when i get out of the car!
does its job of charging my phone in the car. the cable is long and doesn't feel cheap. it charges just as any other car charger would. decent price for a decent product.
this is oem motorola charger. well made and works with any micro usb device. i use it on my htc incredible and now my htc thunderbolt. unlike other cheaper chargers, this one doesn't blow it's fuse easily (hasn't happened once yet).
works perfectly.  not a cheap charger by any means.  i had other chargers that were cheaper and more expensive and they all broke or didn't work very well.  this is the one you want.
its a great charger when your on the go for your car. i use mine all the time everytime my phone dies because it usually charges it pretty quickly. great buy at a great price
works great on my samsung phone, will probably work for all phones and things that use the micro usb charger connection.
i guess there's nothing to really review about something like this, it either works or it doesn't. i will say that this particular item worked so well that this one was my secand purchase. great shipping and customer service.
works great.  charges both my phones just as fast as my home charger does.  i used one of these until i broke the usb connection and liked it so much i bought another one.
real motorola micro usb car charger for under $6? don't buy from your cell carrier or get some off brand. this charger is the only way to go. plus the blue glow of the 'm' has a nice ambiance!
this product works great. we have not had any issues with it. i'm using it instead of the samsung i ordered because it quit working.
fabulous!  my older one bit the dust, so i got this very inexpensive charger.  great item for the value and received it faster then i expected!  however there is a blue light on it, depending on where your charger is at this could be an inconvenience.
works great for charging your phone. the clear plastic lights up blue and can be annoying but you can turn the light away so it doesn't bother you while driving at  night.
does the job and charges my galaxy phone very fast.  compared to the old cheapo car charger i had, this one is great and a really good price.
charges my phone faster than my computer can, can't beat the price.  shipped quickly, too.  not much else that can be said.
stylish and easy to use. charges my phone much faster than the one i had before.  it allows me to charge my phone while i'm driving to work.
this thing is great. charges my phone quicker than my house charger. in 20 mins im able to get about 15% of my battery. i have an htc one.
unlike some other chargers i can be using the nav feature, talking on the phone, and the battery charge still goes up on my droid x.
yo.this is the best. service providers want mad cash for this charger, but the price is prefect here. it lights up when plugged in   cool blue light feels like miami.very cool "chicks" love it.drive safe!
charge very quick. very convenience to have in a car. im very happy with this product. now i can charge my cellphone when it dead in the middle of a road trip.
nice quality product as i would expect from motorola.  the light is really cool and the cord is plenty long enough.  everything seems to be heavy duty and the connector plugs in and holds in securely.
i use this for my car dock and it works great, i like the power light that is blue lit when it has power. very helpful to tell if the device is getting power or not.
this item was shipped fast and arrived fast. it was exactly as decribed and so far, works perfect. seems to have decent quality unlike some others that feels flimsy and cheap.
excellent price for something that usually costs 30 50$ at a local retail store. worth every penny. four more words required.
bought this for my new phone, nicer than the ones verizon sells and it's 1/3 the price, has a nice blue glow also.
i like the charger it was worth waitng for it considering you have to spend 10 times this in the store.
simply, aces high on this one, solid connectors.for your visual please that circle with the motorola bat symbol ignites a nice blue aura look.i am going to buy a spare.
the charger functions perfectly.  also, it has the feel of a quality build.  been using it everyday for a couple of months now, and it has not had any issues.
the charger works great, charging faster than other car chargers i've had in the past.  it is a bit big and lights up which i am not the biggest fan of but for the price and for how well it works, five stars all the way.
this charger works quickly which is the most important reason for me to get it.i have to be in the car for brief thirty minute periods, often while using my phone and this does a great job charging my phone faster than i can use it.
charges fast and has a pretty blue light  one of the best chargers on the market.motorola at it's best.
this car charger looks very sleek in your car.  it works perfectly with my htc evo.  doesn't cause any problems like some chargers that make my evo freeze when i plug it in. a+
i purchased this one after being fooled into buying a verizon knockoff charger. this is the real deal; motorola brand. there's nothing wrong with it and it always chargers my phone.
love this  it is a great price!  i expected to get a knock off charger but it truly is a motorola brand!  lights up when placed in the car charger so you know it's working.  awesome deal!  everyone else is a rip off!
i will never be out of battery life on my cell phone again.it stays in my car and i keep the phone fully charged at all times now.
this charger is so much better value .it charges the phone (samsung s4) full charger not like other fake power. nice blue light, very well made, professional look, great price.
the best and fastest charger i ever seen the very very good price make me think buy another one as a back up charger
charger is very beautiful and wonderful and there is no any comments and i hope to continue at this level
authentic motorola charger fom my droid 2 which seems to work fine.  not sure about the rapid charge, still took over 2 hrs to bring up from a 5% charge level but still happy with it.
this charger works great for any phone or other device that charges via micro usb.  i will probably purchase one to have in every vehicle, including my work truck.  smartphone batteries don't last very long and i'd rather not ferry one charger around from vehicle to vehicle.
works as expected every time. i've ordered this product at least 4x for myself and others. never had a problem.  
was looking for a cheap car charger for my samsung s2 and found this motorola brand.  this one will work with samsung s2 and the quality is great.  very happy with it
charger works great!  seems to charge better than my house charger at times! very happy with price and product and would recommend to purchase this device!
i don't really have anything to add about the charger other than noting another phone that it works with. this is just some information for those concerned since the captivate has a recessed micro usb port covered by a sliding door.
i love that this charger has extra cord length. easy to use and charges quickly. blue light illuminates when charging.
i love this charger and plan to order another one. i would recommend to anyone with a smart phone or tablet.
we keep transferring it between vehicles and honestly this has been such a lifesaver we just need to purchase a second one!
product works great and looks nice. i would recomment this product toanyone looking for a nice car charger that works well.
this car charger works well and charges quickly.  the center plastic portion glows with a blue light when charging.great charger for the price.
great price for a decently made car charger.  works fine, and saved me from needing to purchase a new phone.
great charger. i ordered another after i smushed mine between my car seats and destroyed the charging cable. if it wasn't for that it'd still be working.
this charger is really cool lit up blue like it is. it also works great and charges quickly. great purchase. thanks. kj
bought this for my husband when his other charger stopped working. works great if you have a droid razr phone.
i plugged it in to my phone as i began to charge! just what i hoped it would do and that's alright with me!
i use a sero 7 pro (7&#34;) tablet for in car navigation  with an off line gps app. in that mode, the tablet draws lots of energy and this adapter does the best job of keeping up with that current drain.
this little beauty looks cool and it charges my droid x quickly. very happy with this purchase as the item was quite inexpensive.
this item works as promised and charges my smartphone quite quickly. the length of the cord is also good and you don't find it stretching in any way. it's easy to handle and the blue light is pretty cool too! excellent deal for the price.
i bought 2 so i had one ready to go for business trips and i have no regrets. for the price and the name brand, it is a great deal. they are still going strong after over a year of use/abuse.
short when you need it short and extends a bit more when you need it further, works well and charges my &#34;lg optimus g&#34; pretty quick. no overheating from this charger and fits snug into my phone so neither goes anywhere unless you want it to.
this charger has nice quality for a good price. i'm thinking of getting a few more of them for the family.
cheap and good car charger with motorola brand, it is realiable and never fail me.i would recommend you to get 1 for your mobile devices.
shipping was fast and the charger arrived on time. this product works great, and the light up blue lights is helpful in knowing that it is fully plugged into the ac adapter in the car. works with blackberry curve as well as with my droid.
have told many of my friends to buy these and i have used this for a while now, it's the best of both worlds quality and price!
my samsung galaxy s4 remained fully charged with full screen brightness, gps, and bluetooth music running at the same time. this charger is definitely better than my old one, which could not keep the phone charged during long trips.
bought to charge my samsung galaxy nexus from verizon wireless, and it works great! fast charge and actually works, unlike many of the other chargers on the market.
it was so good and inexpensive that i put one everywhere and know i'll always be able to charge my phone.  i don't like the bright blue light from the handle, but i got used to it.  it has been very dependable.
i will admit to forgetting to plug my phone in and over using it some days. i bought this charger due to its "rapid" label and it hasn't disappointed. it works so well, i bought a second one for my husband's car. and you can't beat the price.
as described, arrived on time, charges fast, would recommend it for anyone looking for a quality charger.  fits my htc and samsung phones
car charger i ever had. i love it. it works great and i do like the blue ish light with the m logo when it is on
this product is exactly what i needed. i ordered one for my girlfriend a few months ago and when i needed a car charger for myself i chose to buy a second one.
great price, great product. for something your local walmart, target, etc sells for $20 30 for the same thing this is unbeatable @ $8. i have one of these in every car my family and i own. which is now up to 6.
this is one of the best deals i've found for my droid phone. works great in the car, haven't had any problems, and my phone holds a charge!
motorola is a great brand and this charger does not fail to do it's job. i've had it for a couple months now and it works perfectly. i would buy this again with zero hesitation.
htc recommended this charger from their website for my htc sensation so i ordered it from amazon.very  happy with charger. received it quickly. no problems! *****
works well in the car, i have a samsung s3. it lights up blue in the car. received it quickly, too!
this item was very cheap and works perfectly for my droid 4. zero complaints. it also looks sharp at night when charging because of the blue light.
it is a good charger and does what it is supposed to do. the blue holographic light is kind of cool to
this is a very good car charger.  had one for 2+ years, and recently added another for a second car.  i like the long, flexible cable and the nice light up logo on the base.  works perfectly as expected.
delivered timely and as described, seems better quality than most of the cheap stuff you find in checkout lines. price is much cheaper than a brand name charger at retail stores.
i love this charger, i have bought 4 or 5 of these. i love them, all of them worked well and i have never received the &#34;not recommended charger&#34; message. i have had so many because people take them, ex gf, mother, father, and so on.
this charger charges my htc evo much faster than the ac wall charger that came with the phone.  i've had it for more than a year and have had no problems with it.
this item is the official motorola car charger. great product must buy.shipped really quick and used instantly. amazon prime members get it in lightning speeds for free awesome. been using this product for a while now and no issue and the blue light is cool.
i got this as a black berry and blue tooth charger for my car.  it serves its purpose and lights up with a blue light while charging.  i would recommend this.
great charger.fast and is quite compact. i find that the blue light is pleasant and not distracting. the best car charger that i've bought so far. i highly recommend it!
i love that i can plus this charger in and still use my phone.  i hate those chargers that freeze up once its plugged in, but this is not the case with this charger.  i would purchase another in a heartbeat if the one i have ever breaks
it is a fast charger, i use it while opening waze and make calls at the same time. yet my battery level goes up.has no issue till now.
l luv it!!! i  really luv da  blue light  n da long thick cord.its worth da money u pay 4 it!!!
great product and very fast shipping.  it works great and you can't beat the price.
i have only used it a couple of times but it works great.  i also love the way it glows blue while plugged in.
works for my phone & hubby's.  very reasonable and works as good as the expensive ones from verizon/at&t.  well worth the price.  had it forever and still going fine. would recommend!
i have no problems with the charger. it seems to work well. sometimes my phone will not charge with a charger that isn't strong enough. this doesn't happen much at all.
charges phone efficiently and without a problem.  i have had the charger for approx a month and i charge it while driving to and from work to keep my evo from going dead during the day.
i have purchased 6 of these over time to have one in different vehicles.  the charger provides a soft blue light when plugged in.  the light confirms power.  the plug is the best i have ever had to maintain connection in the cigar lighter and the phone.
works great, charges quickly, lights up blue so i know it's plugged in. well built too for a cig plug charger.
charger works great,and charges your phone really quick! i love that it lights up too so you know when it's plugged in!
i searched for a charger for my new droid and wanted a great price.  i found it with this charger!  works great and i was pleasantly surprised to see the cool blue light when i plugged into my car!
works great in a pinch when you're phone goes dead and you're on the road. has a nice long cord too!
this car charger has worked great so far, i'll have to see how long it lasts, they always short out after a few months.
i have bought three of these for different vehicles and used on several differents makes/models of phones.  this charger truly does charge my phones quite rapidly.  i'd recommend this for anyone needing fast micro usb charging.
this was worth the money.  cord is good length and it's very sturdy.  after a year or so still works great with no issues.
the motorola charger works just fine. i haven't had any problems with it and it rapidly charges my phone too.
purchased what appears to be this same model from a local retailer by motorola and it has worked well. it powers the phone up quicker than expected and has saved my tail enough times to be worth the money.
ive gone through so many car chargers this is the best one and its sooooo fast.
this is an awesome price for car phone charger and works very well.  they want $30 in att store for a similar charger!
with all the great features of the phone   you literally need to be plugged in or have the ability to charge where ever you go all day
it's an authentic motorola car charger not a knock off brand and a great price.the at&t store is a major rip off!
using a lg nexus 4 device. it charges 3 5% every minute even with bluetooth and hspa+ data on. blue led is a nice touch and wire is very cooperative. satisfied with product so far.
i have purchased many car charges for my phones   and this is the only one that hasn't broken. i love that the blue light shows you when it's working   no guessing! great gadget for very little money!
what else is there to say? i plugged it into the car, plugged it into the phone and guess what? my phone charges! oh, and you really can't beat the price, so i say, if your looking at this product, just go ahead and get it!
this charger lights up when in your car lighter, i like it and its convenient to have one in the car
it work perfect!! i love the blue light from the logo,  i highly recommend it. i need to order one more for my son car.
works great on my t mobile g2.  charges fast.  it can charge 20 25% of the battery during my 20 minute commute.
really happy with these chargers.  we got one for each car and have used them both in one car when we have been traveling together.  will certainly recommend this product to anyone who owns a motorola cell phone or tablet.
buy this product. it is the best. i have had a lot of chargers and this one is the best. doesn't break like most!
my old auto charger couldn't keep up when my moto x was doing navigation and playing pandora; the total charge kept slowly slipping. not acceptable for long trip! got this, and no matter what i'm doing with the phone, it steadily powers up. nice build, nice charging!
this is a very attractive charger. it lights up a blue color.it works! that's the most important part :]
great spare charger for my motorcycle. fits in the spare compartment to keep my phone charged while i'm riding. like the lit up area to show that it's plugged in.
works great and seems to charge a dying phone pretty fast.  on a long drive home from work (1 hour) it charges it back up about half way.  i'd recommend it.
oh, so much less expensive than i have been paying at the phone store! wish i had known about this sooner! bought one for each vehicle and am very pleased!
quality brand.  logo looks pretty cool.  these charge fast.  i like them and will recommend to all.  since most phones other than apple use micro usb, i think you would have a hard time finding better.
perfect phone adapter for car. got here on time. works well with my phone and in the car. just what i needed.
bought this before vacation.  we went to outer banks nc.  i kept my phone and my daughters phone completely charged.  we were not sure what we would run into going there after hurricane irene so wanted to keep our phones charged.  it did a great job.
excellent little phone charger. i liked it so much i ordered a second one for my sister. the blue glow it gives off while plugged in is kind of cool too.
exactly what i expected.  great quality. i would recommend this to everyone interested in a rapid charger.  motorola doesn't disappoint.
works great so far. i have gotten many cheap ones online and they never worked. this is the first to work! great price.
this charger still worked long after i got rid of my phone. i love the blue light up to remind me that it's actually charging
this little guy really does charge super fast.  i like the coiled cord because that means your phone can't travel too far and wind up on the floor of your passenger side  :ppretty nifty and the price is right.when charging, the logo glows a neat blue   
my old charger was a hit and miss as i often caught it not charging my phone and that's so maddening!  this one charges quickly and i do not have to keep an eye on it.
it's a nice charger. works just fine. i can use it with other phones that take a usb charger. doesn't charge fast.
i've got this one for a year and it works great! i love the price, free shipping, the quality, and basically everything. i love the light blue light when you plug it in.
this charger works great for any phone that uses mico usb. no reason to pay more for a simple car charger.
it works for a android 909s and it looks neat it has a glass circle that has a blue light lighting it up wont shine to bright in your eyes like some other chargers and it charged my phone 5 stars.
i was glad to receive my vehicle charger from motorola.  i will now be able to charge my device from my car again.
love the illuminated led motorola logo it is charging. it is a nice feature and i do not forget to unplug my cell phone when exiting the vehicle.
i absolutely love this product. ordered two of these,one for my lil sis and one for myself. charges our phones fast and loos very nice. received the product within the delivery estimate.
i am very happy with my purchase of this charger for my vehicle. it will bring my phone battery from having only 20% of a charge to full charge within the hour. it also is holding up well against my 2 year old's sneaky fingers.
exactly what i ordered. correct brand at a good price. i always try to get brand name parts. they work the best.
great charger for a great price. can't be more pleased. only thing i don't like too much is the actual charger is quite large so it may not fit in certain areas of a car and it protrudes out a lot.
i got this to help charge a tablet keyboard, but was excited to find it worked to charge all sorts of items that accepted the mini usb.
i love this charger , i got one 2 years ago and later i got another one for my husband car, is good quality and charge very quick .
great price and product this is a fast charger and the 3rd one i have purchased for 3 phones i have
this charger looks cool and is very fast on the charger side. get it or get lost, ok? ok good
this is the best charger ever, get this mororola charger don't get a knock off micro usb charger. it will hold charge
definitely worth the price and arrived in a very timely manner. the electrical output makes for a very fast charge (less than an hour) on my evo 4g.
this charging chord for the motorola is great, the charge comes fast and the response of phone while plugged in is fast.
i use it for my nokia lumia 810 . this charger is great. love the blue led but its chargers my phone even if i'm streaming a movie or talking on it.  just and amazing product. cord and construction are very sturdy.
i love my new motorola charger.  you can tell its working because the blue light where the m is lights up.
this is my second car charger that i've purchased on amazon. so far this one is working just fine. no problems. i'm the only one that uses it and it gets light usage but it's already lasted longer then the last one i purchased on amazon.
this is a good car charger, very sturdy and gives a good charge for my phone (t mobile mytouch 4g slide) had it for almost a year now, and i'm still happy!
because smartphones in general have short battery lives, i needed a car charger for long driving trips. this worked with my droid razr. it lights up when it is plugged in.
my nexus 5 recognizes this charger as an ac source. as a result, it can charge at the maximum rate possible. works great when using my phone for navigation and bt audio streaming.
a genuine motorola accessory that works as designed.  when i'm in my car using google navigator, the battery on my droid 3 runs down quickly.  this charging cable keeps the battery charged.
have had excellent luck with this charger.  it is much faster than my other car chargers and would definitely recommend for anyone needing a good quick charger
you absolutely cannot beat the price. it's motorola branded, and works perfectly. i use it for my droid x, and you just can't beat it.
this is a perfect for on the go charging.  it fits tight and i haven't had any problems with it.  recommended!
this charger rocks. i use it on my droid razr. charges quickly and the blue light makes me feel super sassy at night like i'm in the fast and furious or something. sups up my saturn real nice
works great. price was on target. i like the blue light.  it has held up well so far. no complaints. worth the buy.
fast shipping , excellent product and great option!!! also i love the blue light. works for me good i really  recommend this because you don't gonna waste your time and money.
this is the only charger that doesn't blow the fuse on my motorcycle.  great charger.  i love the blue light that comes from charger when plugged in.
i have only had this charger for about a week and i have to say that i am content. it charges my samsung galaxy s3 very fast.
nothing else to say.  it works like it should.  the cable might be a bit too short for some setups.
this is the first and only car charger i have found that can keep up with my galaxy s 3 while i am using gps and playing music
works great. no problems with my samsung galaxy s3.  it charges with no problems.  it lights up when it is charging.
this charger charges ur phone fast. it is great for the price. it is an awesome product, well worth buying
wow, i was in shock at the quality of this product. it works great, love the blue light at night.
a tad more $ than generic but excellent quality, cool blue light, and always works.  me likes this charger for sure.
even after owning this for 2 years it still works great. i bought 1 for all of my family members.
works very well and the blue glow around the base of the charger looks cool. also a nice snug fit in the lighter. our family has three of these. they are affordable and reliable.
what is there to say about this?  it does its job, charges my motorola atrix, the m logo lights up in a cool blue color, and it hasn't broken.  order from amazon, you won't get a cheap knockoff that way.
i luv this charger.  the blue light helps u see it's charging in aux jack.  fits my motorola atrx perfectly, even with otterbox defender case on it
for the price i would consider this as the best value ever, fast and reliable charger, i would recommend to a friend
it lites up so you know it is plugged in and working, charges fine on a verizon droid razr phone
the charger we bought from sprint crapped out.  this charger fits our gs3's perfectly.  charges quickly and we use them daily.  i highly recommend.
this devise does what it is supposed to do. no complaints at all. fit my droid razor's port and charges it.
charger is a 1 amp charger so it charges our phones quick (like a home charger ). seems durable and works as expected.shipping was quick and price was great
works wonderfully. really does charge my battery from dead to full in less than 2 hours. i suggest this for anyone.
the device works and does what it is supposed to.as mentioned in the product description, the phone gets charged even when it is being used.
i had to return this charger because i accidentally ordered it for my iphone 5s. however i did receive it quickly and returning was no problem. i think this would have been a great product for another use.
i purchased this car charger for my new sprint evo 3d and it works perfectly. it charges it faster than my wall charger. i bought 3 of them and would recommend it to anyone. plus you can't beat the price!!!
love the blue light, arrived pretty quickly for the cheap cost, seems to charge fast, no complaints. cord is nice and long, too.
this motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger may be the greatest product ever invented. not only does it light up my phone with joy, but the shiny blue circle lights up my life and allows me to share in the charging love.
this charger is great. i've had it for over a year, and have had no issues with it. even ordered one for my girl
charger works and its an original part. no issues. and the great thing about it. i didn't have to pay over $30 for it.
this charger is great and charges my phone very quickly! my only complaint is that the blue light it creates is too bright for night driving.
i've been using this thing to charge my nokia and samsung galaxy note 2 devices.it charges them very quick.love it.
perfect fit and works great! the one came with my razr maxx worked for about 8 months but then started to come loose. this one fits way better and tighter that the original
this charger is realy nice. it is sturdy and glows a very nice blue light witch is perfect at night for my car.
it looks cool in ur car, it charges ur phone, and it doesn't take up too much room. good cheap charger, don't waste ur money on those overpriced verizon ones.
i have had this phone charger for about a year now and it works perfectly. i do not know what i would do without it being in my car!
this is a great car charger, it actually charges my samsung s3 and other devices super fast compared to other car chargers! it's very dependable and works perfect. no complaints here and i've had it for several months now.
i am very happy with this charger! great quality item! much much much better than a walmart brand charger! not to mention it was cheaper!
perfect litte charger to keep in the car for cell phone.  it works great and for the price is a good product. i recommend
i purchased one for my daughter and another for myself.  charges quickly and works perfectly with my samsung galaxy s4.  definitely worth it!!
looks cool with the blue light.blah. bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bal bal blablabla bla
it's very frustrating these days purchasing name brand products on amazon these days. more often than not, you get a cheap knock off. this is not one of those cases. a true motorola product. a+
do yourself a favor, buy this charger! forget everyone elses. this one does what it says . finally a quality product for a low price. now all we need to do is get the gas prices to get low! lol ! you wont be dissapointed.
great unit   clear window lights up red and provides a nice accent effect. charger is well built and serves the purpose needed. i'd recommend it to anyone, especially for the price. works perfectly with my htc phone.
i'm so happy with this charger. i've been through so many of these chargers and this one is above the rest by far.i highly recommend!!
i have it for a year already! it looks cool in your car, it charges your phone, and it doesn't take up too much room,. good cheap charger, don't waste ur money on those overpriced sprint ones.
worked very well with no failures.  this seller recommended to all for these type of accessories for cell phones.  thank you
would have given one more star, if i could. works great and is definitely quick in charging my phone. good quality material and the connector snaps in tight. ample cord as well. would recommend to all my family and friends!
fits fine. no problems with device. has this nice blue glow when plugged in. helps me to remember to unplug it when i'm going to be away from my car.
great charger, the blue light is nice and bright and lets me know when it's plugged in. charges perfectly! i am glad i ordered 2!
it works, charges my phone, does what it's supposed to do and was really affordable.  win win!  can't ask for anything more
it is great.  have had lots but this works the best!
works great. definitely worth the purchase. thanks for letting me review this product. nothing more to say other than it works great!
my current adapter was broken and this adapter is better, works well with a great price. i am pleased with this adapter and would order it again when needed.
arrived very quickly, and is a great deal for the price.  i dont really get rhe big glowing blue light but adds a nice hue to the car at night. haha.  good charger
seems like a sturdy product and has a cool blue light to show it's powered.  i do wish it were more adaptable by including another usb port but so far so good.
had no issues loved this charger worked great and lasted a beating i gave it and charged my phone quicker then regular chargers
charges very fast, looks cool. this product works well. motorola has done a good job in this micro usb car charger.
this is my 4th one. i have bought one for each one of my vehicles now. cool design great price too!
this charger works fast, but the main body is long, and on one of my vehicles, it sticks out far enough from the charging port to interfere with the gear shift.
i actually bought one, found out that it worked way better than a generic pos that i bought before, so i got another one!  the led tells you that it's plugged in, and it looks pretty cool.
i have the droid razr m. this car charger works great. does not feel cheap. charges phone fast. great price.
i received the item before the estimated day they gave.  the item is exactly what i ordered and wanted.
works like a charm. works great with the moto x smartphone and the motorola bluetooth. i've had it for a month thus far with no complaints. get some!
bought this for my daughter's car, so that i didn't have to worry about her having a dead phone in an emergency.  now she can charge her phone, while still playing music on trips.
first, i like the blue glow this charger puts off. (others have expressed disdain).second, it charges my phone extremely fast. and, really, that's the important thing, eh?i highly recommend this to anybody requiring an inexpensive yet useful car charger for their phone.
it charges my skyrocket very fast and looks very nice with the blue glow. the cord is long enough and price was very good.
the charger works well.  when it is plugged in and drawing power the disc turns blue.  nice little feature.
i have ordered cheap chinese rip off chargers and figured i should actually spend some money to get a real charge. this one actually works well and charges my phone when i use the gps. other chargers i have had the phone still loses power!
this charger is litrally the best charger i've ever used. it's inexpensive, it's well made, the glowing blue light lets you know that it's plugged in, and it will charge your device very quickly. i am most impressed with the charging speed on my evo 4g.ann perkins.
excellent product.does exactly what it says and then some.my previous car charger would allow my am talk radio to buzz due to interference.with this charger, while its plugged in, there is no buzzing, even when i have am on the radio.highly recommended.
buy this before supplies runs out because this is a very good value. the light is very appealing and it functions very efficiently. i have purchased two of these.
i got this for $3, it charges my motorola atrix just fine, what more can you ask for?  i have not had it long enough to comment on durability, but functionally it works great when new.
have an android, so the battery life is an issue. having this and being mobile makes sure my phone is charged 24 7. i'm amazed by how fast it charges the phone. it is definitely twice as fast as the wall charger.
excellent product, works great! is the best charger that i ever purchased. i have an htc and i highly recommended it when you are driving and your phone is out of battery, even if your phone isn't motorola.
works/looks as ad displays. great performance. cool looking blue light at night. very durable. it appears to be an authentic motorola product
this car charger does what its suppose to and charges my galaxy s 3 just fine, the light it gives off is great and the price is low so i recommend to all.
works great to charge my razr maxx or nexus 7, also worked to charge my old work blackberry, plus it has a nice blue light and i like nice blue lights
bought it for around $6. i have been using it for months and never had a problem. it has enough power to keep my phone from dying with navigation and pandora running.
sometimes it takes a couple tries for my samsung droid charge to recognize the charger, but when it does it works great! highly recommend for the price. also, i ordered this one because i have prime so it shipped free in 2 days, convenient when you need it!
i bought two of these and they both work well. they arrived on time and in the condition described. i would recommend these to anyone.
oem. and it works great!rapidly charges any of my micro usb devices without issue. i buy them here as gifts and people think i paid $45 bucks for them!
my wife needed a replacement for the one she had. this charges faster than the stock samsung and the phone connection stays in much better.
this charges faster than any a/c charger i have inside.  i have an htc inspire now four more words required
charges my phone. like the blue light. that's it that's all. its car charger not magic.  i will say its durable
purchased this charger to work with an htc thunderbolt, which requires a lot of current to charge the phone.this charger works perfectly and charges the phone in under an hour, for less than 1/3 the price of the charger @ the verizon store.
i picked this up after seeing what verizon is charging for car chargers   it works fine with my htc thunderbolt and my girlfriend's samsung phone.as other reviewers have said, there's nothing proprietary about this charger. it'll probably work with your phone.
after many car chargers, i finally splurged and bought this one for about 8 bucks. it works great, stays in the plug in the car and let's me know it's working by the blue hue emitted when plugged into the phone.  i recommend this one!
this is an inexpensive product and did not expect much. well it looks nice, seems to be sturdy and does the job well. has a nice blue led illuminating the m symbol for motorola. i bought a second one.
cig outlet charger looks sharp with the glowing indigo.  charges as it's supposed to for my blackberry and droid 2 devices.
arrived 2 days earlier than stated eta, packaged nicely, charger is one of the nicer units i've seen for any phone. works as described, great product.
works well and looks good.charges my nexus one phone quite well.the chord is plenty long.a good choice.
this charger works great. and it has a good recharge rate! i would buy again! timely delivery! the blue light adds a nice feel to the car without being distracting.
work well, good price. satisfied. when i plug it to my car, the lights turned on which looks good. good deal.
not much to say. it works really well, is built well, and looks nice. 1000000x better than the "cheap" $15 chargers at other store.
it's a charger and it works. it lights up blue so you know there's power going to it. it's great.
bought this a few months ago. i've had bad luck with car chargers, but this one is still going strong. i really like the led glow when it's plugged in. the blue is softer than most other indicator lights. spring coiled cord is plenty long and doesn't get twisty.
this was a gift for my bf, who had worn his other charget out. he loved it, and has no complaints! i love the fact that it lights up blue so you can see it in the car!
if you have this htc sensation, by now you know the battery really sucks.  it is just not make to function with this size screen and function.  so you really really need something like this in your car
i love that it lights up when you plug it in. good quality product for a good price.   love!
works great! affordable versus going to your carrier to buy one. i have purchased 2 so far and they work great.
the cord is long and the blue light is okay but this does charge my phone fast for being just a car charger
this works fabulously for charging anything i want to charge in the car.  highly recommend.  i've had this for i think over a year.  works great!
have one for every vehicle, never know when you will need extra power, car breakdown or any other emergency situation.
i don't know about the rapid charge, it still takes the same amount of time to charge, but it works and it is nice. and the price is awesome!!!
this power adapter charges my battery way faster then samsung's original wall adapter. i love it and believe you will, too!
it really is fast compared to any other charger i've ever owned. i also like how it lights up blue. i liked this so much i bought my boyfriend one too
this is the neatest car charger i've had. the circle on the top looks clear  then when you plug it in a motorola symbol appears and the circle glows blue.it also has a clip attached which helps with the cord not being all over the place.fast shipping too   
inexpensive, works the way it should.  no complaints.  i can use it to charge my phone and my bluetooth headset.
i've need a car charger for some time now i checked amazon and i like the sleek design and price
i bought this for my wife who needed a car charger but didn't want to spend the outrageous amounts others were charging for this.  works like a charm.
had it for about a week so far it has been an excellent product. i used to have a cheap car charger that burned my fuse but this one is one quality product.
just received this item. it works in my car to charge the evo 4g phone. save some money since other similar items at local stores were at least twice as much.
this company is amazing. i got the car charger and it's perfectly brand new, and it is pretty cool. great company!
bought as gift for my son. don't know if he has used it yet, but hope it works great for him.  no problems with the purchase/receiving of this item.
this is my second motorola charger and i hope it works as well as my first which i had for almost 3 years. there isn't much to say that has not been said about it already and i charge anything with a usb port through it without any problems.
great for the price. not sure if it's real. either way for the price it works just fine and is one of the best car charges i've ever owned.
great quality. much better and sturdier than the other after market ones i have purchased in the past. definitely worth the two extra dollars!
for the money this is one of the best purchases i've ever made!  works great!
this charger works real well with my motorola phone. it is a bargain at this price. would highly recommend for purchase.
yep, like this item   ended up getting a second one.  like the led and the fact that it's a name brand. works great.
i like the cool blue color. seems to charge way faster than traditional ones. however, much like anything else plugged in, you will need to unplug it in cars where power is available after car is turned &#34;off&#34;.
the product performs well and is an exceptional buy.  chargers at the box stores or other sites cost 2 to 3 times as much as this one.
worked well, and i love the blue light, as it lets me know it is actually plugged in and working.
charged my htc evo 3d much faster than the one that came with it plugged into a generic usb car converter. definitely worth the money.
this charger is really cool looking and works great. i don't know for sure if it'd genuine motorola but it performs. i highly recommended it.
finally, a car charger that can even charge my samsung galaxy s4 at a decent speed thanks to the amp output. this is great and a solid purchase for any device that uses micro usb.
purchased two of the chargers for two different htc evos in the beginning of october and they are still both working flawlessly!!
worked great the first time i plugged it in and every time they're after. this was a good score. thanks
this works for samsung galaxy s3. charges fast. make sure you don't get a knock off. has very sturdy cables.
got it on friday, so far is working well with my nexus one.  ordered from the oem shop, no mix ups and really fast delivery.
i use this to charge my samsung infuse i997, it can chage it from dead to 90% in about a half an hour.
i've tried other power adapters but this one supplied the power necessary to keep my galaxy s3 charged while running waze.
just as described. would recommend anyone to buy from this person. not only does it charge really well, it has a nice blue light that shine on it
not much to say here, just works exactly as advertised. very handy on long trips. i definitely would recommend this.
so far, so good after a few months. in use indication blue light is good feature too. i will get another one for other vehicle. recommended.
these little chargers are very sturdy and hold up well to the test of time and abuse. cheap and awesome. great buy! i own 3 now.
this charger works exactly as expected.  it charges my droid bionic in my car with no problems.  it has a bright blue light when plugged in.
works on droid incredible as ac charger (not usb ie the slow charge)can use with google nav and will still charger. worth every of the 450 pennies.
i saw the written review from user "n. powers" and had to write this review.he is flat out wrong, this product does charge the phone, i know because i own it and have used it, and it works wonderfully with the nexus one.now .all i need is a car dock.
significantly cheaper than most alternatives, this charger is able to recharge the battery on my galaxy nexus even while live streaming.as other reviewers have stated, make sure to order from the official supplier.  it seems weak knockoffs are common.
you may pay a few dollars more, but this is a quality charger. exactly as expected, charges phones via micro usb. the cable is quite long, and is coiled, so make sure that is what you want before you order it.
it came  and works just fine. the lite from the charger is a great idea. charges fast for a car charger.
does not get better for 5 bucks. this is a good deal and it works as expected no issues whatsoever
great product, it charges quickly and looks cool too.  i would definately recomend this again, especially with the price being as low as it is!
works as advertised.feels solid, is solid. i bought this on amazon based on other reviews, and i can say that it is exactly what i needed. charges great, doesn't have the cheap feel of a lot of aftermarket chargers, and is even easier to hold due to the design.
product exactly as advertised and no issues what so ever powering my vehicle dock. for the price it was a no brainer when lesser quality chargers are twice the price.
although moto accessories are not what they used to be, this is superior to knock offs and carrier branded carp.
i bought this for my samsung galaxy s iv and it works great.  very cheap (pricewise) product for oem.  highly suggest buying and saving a few bucks over other brands
great charger that works ver fast for my galaxy s4. it has a huge battery and this charger gives it juice very fast
fantastic value fantastic product i will definitely purchase more works so well & it lights up as well something i didn't realize love it ordered one for my daughter will order another as a spare it's that great !
this works great ad charges my phone without an issue.  the only thing i would have to say negative is how bright it lights up!  it is really bright and is a nuisance at night.
the car charger works great, same motorola brand you find in cell phone stores for 5x the price.  good deal!
okay, i know this is just a car charger but i love this. i like that the round flat part (how's that for a description) lights completely up when plugged in and it makes pulling it out of the cig lighter a lot easier. great buy!
cuts the charging time in half. great for use in the car while to/from work. just wish it was a bit longer.
this charger works very well with my lg nexus 4 .its a quality product at a great price with fast shipping! thanks again!
works perfectly for my motorola razor x phone.  cord is also plenty long that i'm even able to use it in the cigarette lighter in the back seat and have it reach up to the front seat of my suv.
i expect to get a lot of use from it.  i seems solidly built and charges the battery as advertised.
was having trouble getting a car charger that connected up well with my evo lte since the connections on the evo seem pretty sensitive. this one, however, works well.
product worked as promised with my samsung g3. the big 'm' lit up in blue light is a bonus. i would recommend to another person.
works perfect !!!!!!!all the reviews about this one charger are true and i bought three to make sure i never miss having one in each car.
honestly, not much to write here. per the spec. works with all micro usb phones. awesome price. great quality! i ordered a couple in 2010 and they are still around and still working! at the price, just worth the investment.
i haven't actually used this yet. it is a genuine motorola product looking at the logo and instructions. a car charger to me is just for emergencies, my phone charges every night on my desk.
oem product was just perfect. fast shipping if ordered from amazon.my one concern before ordering was if the blue light would be too bright for night driving  it's not, it actually looks good.
it charges the phone even when i am using bluetooth and the gps and has a pleasing blue led in it. what else is there to say?
buy it here.it's way cheaper than going to a store and getting gouged like $20 for a car charger.  this works just fine.
great price and works great . does not get hot like the cheaper ones do. i highly recommend using the name brand .
if you need a car charger, why not buy a motorola.  works well, and has a cool blue light when plugged in.
i have one in every car now at this price, works great on all of our android phones, charges like it should.
it is a car charger and it does what it is supposed to do   it charges my phone in the car
product works great. like how fast it charges the phone. and the look of it is actually pretty cool. check it out
this is the best accessory i have for my vehicle and my droid. i bought one for each of my cars and a spare. don't leave home without it.
works great in the car and glows blue so you know it's working! the coiled cord keeps it nice and neat too. recommended!
excellent design for grip during connecting/disconnecting the charger. i like that fact that it lights up so you know a connection is made with the lighter outlet.
very simple device, i don't use it a lot since the battery in the roadster holds a charge for a long time.
this charger has been in near daily use since i got it a year ago.  absolutely no complaints, charges my phone and kindle on almost every car ride. looks kind of silly but who cares.
great value!
using this with no problems on a samsung galaxy iii. good cord length. i like the blue glow that emits from the charger
good little oem motorola charger.  wont fry your expensive battery.  charges my s4 and note 3 quickly. will work with anything that requires a mini usb connection.
i like because you can conect so quickly the divice, and is very easy to take out and off, the price is correct i think
i've had it for years now and it still works great. i don't use it often but it charges fast and is there when i need it.
i have an hp touchpad. this charger works great for it and the price is right. i highly recommend it!
price is right.  works fine and is durable.  the thumb handle may be the key.  easy in.easy out and stays in place.  great for my android
just what we needed and the cost was perfect!  my husband took it with him to his job and uses it there.
works perfectly. no problems. i needed a charger and had one like this before. i works just like it needs to
nice looking and works as descrbed. have no problems at all. recommend this car charger for your samsung galaxy phone.
soooo gooood. fits my motorola lgx2 anyone with a phone or device that is mini usb compatible should use this in their vehicle. had it for over 8 months now and still going strong.
this product was shipped promptly and arrived as scheduled.  it has been used by almost every member of my family and they all love it and wonder where i purchased it.  i would recommend this product since i have no complaints against it and the price is good.
nothing to complain about here. it does the job well and it has a nice blue light effect. we use it all the time during long road trips. it's a life saver when your phone batteries are about to die while using gps.
purchased this for our new droid 4 and it works great.  not sure how fast "rapid" is, but is does charge fairly quickly.  fast shipping. would order again.
this micro usb car charger works for any micro usb compatible device. the coiled cable is convenient and the blue light emitted by the charger gives it a nice touch.
this stays in our car and is used several times per week.  we got it a year and a half ago and it's still working well, with no damage or brittleness to the cable.
this charger worked great and i never had any problems out of it. nothing special about it, just worked well.
this was offered as a suggestion to buy when i purchased my phone case. it was a great buy. would recommend.
very well designed micro usb charger for all micro usb socket equipped cell phones.fast (smart) charge.clip for holding dangling loose cable.soft blue glow indicator.inexpensive but good!
goooood just buy if using samsung s3 that is what i am using for fast service real motorola charge fast.
i'm using this with my galaxy s3 and it works great, plus it's the fastest car charger i've ever owned.
the fastest android car charger i have ever used, works perfectly with motorola atrix 4g and samsung galaxy s2 & s3
this car charger is the perfect length of cord for my vehicle.  i love the lighted plug. it works very quickly to get a charge on my phone.  perfect!
i bought this charger to replace a more expensive model/brand that died after about a year of use.  this motorola charger is compatible with a number of devices, including my lg phone and my kindle.  perfect for what i needed.
this works perfect for all of our smartphones we have! great price! i am so happy to have a good charger for my car now. i read the reviews about some people not liking the blue light it puts off but it is really no big deal!
the charger works well. seemingly well built, and the little glass part that has the motorola emblem on it lights up blue when it's plugged in. also the shipping was really great. i paid for standard shipping and received the product two or three days later.
they work fantastic and are reliable. not much else left to say. the cable is the right length and the usb plug can take some abuse and work perfectly.
i bought this to use with my lg optimus phone.  it works as promised and is a good value, so i bought a second for my husband.
i absolutely  love it. super fast  charge. this is the best charger i had in a long time. for a wonderful price
i have tried many different car chargers and i have to say that this one is the best one. it charges my samsung galaxy s3 very quickly and i have nothing to complain about. highly recommended!
works exactly as expected. no hassles and no need to fiddle around with the charger. the charger fits easily into the socket.
best. best. b e s t .owned quite a few car chargers for my motorola phones. this. is. the. best.easy and simple. and nice looking. and it doesnt smell like smoke after five seconds or fifty minutes. recommend.
charges my android phone completely in a about an 1:30. its got a cool blue light with the motorola logo looks really cool at night. would highly recommend.
i bought 2 of these.one for each vehicle.a jeep & a bmw.  they function very well without any problems thus far.  you cannot go wrong with these chargers.  check them out.
works great, love the blue light, everything is as advertised. i've used it daily for over a year with no issues whatsoever. very nice, genuine motorola, great price!!!!!!!!!!!
this definitely charges the phone faster than other car chargers.  it works exactly as needed.  i would recommend it to anyone looking for a good micro usb car charger.
this is probably the best car charger on the market. if you are in the market for a good car charger, this is the one.
i purchased this then replaced my phone.  my last phone had to be plugged in constantly my new phone almost never.  however, when i do plug it in it charges quickly.  the blue light can be a little distracting at night however.
my first one worked for about a year of heavy use before it started becoming temperamental. i gladly replaced it with an identical model, as i've never found a charger that works as well for such a low price.
love this charger! it works great with my htc one. the wire is thick and durable and the blue light looks very slick when it's plugged in.
i love this charger. no problems yet.  i purchased 2 and use them in both vehicles.  i would recommend the charger
works great with my gs3, looks from the future and the cable is awesome. great way to take your smartphone to the next level.
standard micro usb charger works great.  bought mine from amazon, so i'm certain it's not a fake.  seems better quality that the charger that came with my samsung phone.
charges my galaxy s3 super fast unlike alot of the 99c store charges you will find on amazon and elsewhere.
this is a great unit for the price.  keeps my phone charged for the drive home.recommend you getting this unit.
they're car chargers. they were a gift for christmas. bought two of them and both of them were legit motorola car chargers. charges a bit slow, compared to wall chargers.
the price is unbelievable for a genuine motorola product.  works great!  i always make sure that when buying things like this they are legit and not fakes, as others have said make sure you buy from amazon.
it charges your phone like any other car charger. what else do you want? order one and use it on your phone.
i have a saab and a lot of chargers don't work play nice with the lighter.this charger had no problem. from my vendor the product was authentic.
would recommed this item for anyone that drives for a living and needs to comminicate while driving.  keeps the bluetooth ear bug charged for use daily.
this price is awesome. the charger works great and looks good. so far no problems. a few times i plugged the charger into the lighter port and it shorted out until you positioned it just right, but on the charger connection it worked just great.
needed a car charger for my new htc incredible. phone store wanted almost $30 for this same charger. great deal!
this is a great, cheap charger. the shipping cost more than the charger. works great with the droid pro phone.thanks amazon.
price couldn't be beat, i used it for three months, it worked perfectly, then the dog chewed it and now i'm getting another one.
itcarges my samsung galaxy very quickly! it feels very solid and well made. i hope they come out with a lightning cable version too!
some people stated they got cheap chinese knock offs. this is not true. the charger i got looks exactly as pictured, and actually charges better than my wall charger! highly recommend
this car charger is great. charger was brand new and looks great in the cigarette lighter. buy one now for your portable useage.
i purchased this product and received it in just a few days. it was a great price. works great so far for my new verizon droid bionic cell phone. i strongly suggest you use this seller.
i love how the m lights up blue. it hooks up strong (doesn't wiggle) on both ends. i got this for my incredible and they work just fine together. great find.
it looks really good and charges as fast.i the wire is helpful for all occupant in the front seat.
works just find on motorola moto x and droid ultra.  would recommend others to try it.  glad to have it at such a great price.
when i had other car charge, it charges very slow. but this the possibly the fastest charge for phone so far.
i have these for droid x and htc evo and they work great. nice to have a brand name product for such a great price.
the charger works great. almost bought on of the cheaper ones. the couple dollars more is well worth it.  it charges my phone twice as quickly as any previous charger i've had.
for the price you cannot beat this product.its simple and functional.since its a usb charger, it chargers all phones with usb 2.0 jacks.it was delivered before time.
bought this for use with a blackberry bold 9650.  works just fine.  better quality than some various other cheap chargers i've bought for various devices over the years.  indifferent about the blue glowing part.  it charges fine and the price was right.
i just clicked the item and order, but noticed that my order was tripled. why??? other then the technical error i like it so far.
the charger works great. the display lights up so you know the charger is working. i would purchase it again if i needed a charger.
good cheap car charger that looks good as well. most chargers i seen were either to high or to cheaply made this one is a good pick.
found this item to be extremely dependable and durable. very satisfied with it, especially for the price. i could have been fooled into buying it at best buy or radio shack for 500%   1,000% more!! very happy with the purchase.
delivers plenty of current to charge my galaxy while the screen is on, navigation is running, music is playing.looks cool glowing in the dark, too!
i've been using this exact charger for 3 years and it is hands down the best quality out there. since i bought my own i've bought 4 more for family members.
charges my galaxy sii and my wife's htc in under an hour. definitely worth the price. a must have for car charging.
good adapter for the sg 3. this came with the phone and works well enough in the car for a charge.
this is an awesome charger. and like others, i love the blue light! it's just fun. i thought the reviews were kind of silly saying that but now i totally get it   it works perfectly too and is nice with the coiled cord.
you get what you pay for, this is a sturdy charger, and delivers better power for my galaxy note 5 stars
i use it for my droid x. i'm buying another one for my wife. its perfect, i have no complaints!
this is the original product, not a fake imitation. i bought two, one for each car.with this being an oem product, i don't have to worry about this unit ruining my phone or bluetooth.
very quick delivery. looks great when plugged in and charging.exceptionally fast in it s ability to charge. i would suggest that you get this one while they last. it would be a good deal at twice the price.
works great; came exactly as advertised. has a cool blue light; charges my htc evo 4g like a champ w/ no problems. an additional usb port would have been great, but that's more personal than a product flaw. would totally buy again, great product!
this charger is of good quality and works as expected.  in charges my motorola photon 4g phone quickly, reliably and without any issues.  i recommend this as it is made to motorola specs and is not a generic charger.
i love this charger. reliable, sturdy, and good looking. you cant beat the price. note: the blue light is really bright, might be annoying for some people  it's ok for me.
great and looks cool when charging.  my son ordered one thought it looked like a batman accessory.  fit my droid perfectly.
works great, much better price than in the store!  i have absolutely no complaints (as of yet!)  i've been using it for a few months now.  would recommend.
the price was great and i now have a great charger for my new phone.i'm thinking about getting a second one for my husbands truck.
i like this charger because it works much faster than my other car chargers. it was a great price and i would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a car charger.
i bought 4 of these for my family and friends and i love it. you can use your htc with it also.
super easy to use and i haven't had any issue with it.  it has a blue light to let you know it is on.  it works great.
it lights up blue when it's charging, and it's a super rapid charge.  fits all my android phones perfectly   reaches full charge in about 35 minutes.  great buy!
bought it over a year ago and it's still kicking. the blue light (i.e. spot light) is a bit excessive. ps, amazon should rule the world.
i got it for my cell and it's been working fine for years now. this cable has outlasted 5 cellphones and 4 cars. not bad.
worked like it's supposed to. bright glow can be distracting while driving at night, but just cover it up and you're good to go.
i absolutely love this car charger. it is faster than all of the other ones i've tried.  great product! will buy again!
the charger works well, no issues so far. i has a long enough cord that you're not straining to use your phone while it's plugged in.
charges my phone nice and fast. i also use it to charge my extended battery for my phone as well.
i don't do reviews until i have had an item for a substantial amount of time and i have had this charger for about a year now and it works flawlessly for my droid incredible 2.  i think it even charges better than my wall charger!
charges my phone faster than my wall charger! i was pleasantly surprised by this. make sure to check the item number when your receive it though,.
this seller got me my item very quickly.  product looks cool with nice backlit logo.  works really well.  i purchased two and got a great value.  would definitely buy again.
really good charger for the car. the plug in part lights up a pretty blue and is semi transparent, which is cute. seems very durable and i was happy i bought it. works perfectly
this is the only car charger i have ever found that didnt break in the first month of me buying it! motorola is a brand name and i will never buy the no name brand car chargers ever again. awesome!!
good quality. i like the blue light that lights up when you plug it in, that way you know that it is charging.
motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate chargermotorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate chargergreat charger on the car
good price and works great for my samsung galaxy s4, also has a nice blue light indicator love it :d
not too sure how to appreciate this product. it definitely does its job very well, charges quickly too. taking away one star for its size.  if your car's charging point is a bit tight (or inside the storage area) then it can be a bit of a challange.
not much to say but, it does what it's needs to do and it's cheat and it looks good! will buy again.
i bought this to replace an older and more expensive tmobile dc adapter, price is perfect, and had a big blue motorola logo on it that lights up helps you locate it in the dark.
i bought some of the $3 chargers but they broke in a hurry. this one is very sturdy and well worth the low price.
works perfectly
love it so much!! charges my droid incredible really really fast and better than spending $30 for the over priced ones through the cell phone companies!
looks great and works very well. i have used it with a tom tom and a bluetooth and i've never had a complaint.
this works fine with the phones i have tested. i ordered directly from amazon as the seller so as to avoid any issues with a knockoff. this works well and appears well made with molded plastic and a sturdy cable.
this charger has no problems charging all micro usb phones. the htc inspire likes it. the motox likes it. the lg g2 likes it. the output is higher than a typical usb port and this has enough intelligence to not overcharge.
works as advertised with absolutely no problems, worth the money, highly recommended and would definitely order from again should the need arise
i'm not sure what there is it to say. i plug my phone into it and it charges as it should.
product works great and charges quickly for both s2 and s3 phones. when you are driving this product is very useful.
i bought this to replace the one i bought from verizon several yrs ago. it is great just like the other one i had.
bought this a bit ago and love it. works perfect with my droid x. it actually charges it very fast. recommend buy.
i've been using this for a few months on my htc evo shift.  works well for charging the unit in the car as well as powering it for things like gps, etc.  i liked it enough to buy another for my wife's car!
wish i had bought this sooner because my phone battery is always dead.  fast shipping and works great!  love it.  would buy it again.
being from boston, i was lookin' faw a chah ja. this chah ja wuz, faw my needs, is wicked pissa. i'd pay upta foddy faw bucks faw it.
purchased this charger with no problems yet.  after a second purchase for my son whom does a lot of traveling
this charger came as advertised. i can now charge my phone while using google navigation and not be losing a charge. light is a little bright, but many reviews mentioned that. great price.
i hear from the men that are using it that it's very helpful with their operations over in there department
this product is great. does exactly as intended, charges my phone, and looks good doing it. the color matches my interior lighting on my car, but doesn't overpower your vision with light while driving at night.
i use this in my car daily. i'm a busy person constantly running from school, to work, etc. my phone always charges relatively fast with this charger. i love it!
the motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger works as advertised. i love the big light so you can tell it's charging.
this product have prove to be a very good one. i really enjoy using it. i would recommend it to any one
i have only used this a few times in 5 months and have had no issues. it works well powering a phone with gps navigation on. the cord is about 30&#34; unstretched. the blue light looks cool.
great product! beautiful blue motorola light. and it charges my phone rather quickly. the cord is the left length and flexible.
great item for a great price. i would recommend buying it. i purchased it for my motorola droid and love it.
its cheap and it works, thats the most important thing. i've had mine for two years now and its still working and it looks pretty good.
charges much faster than all my other car chargers! will buy another if i need one! although this one doesnt seem like it will be dying anytime soon!
product is oem but is genuine motorola. it is nice and slim and works great. item works with the htc desire (us cellular) for anyone wondering.
bought three for all our cars & this has not given any trouble at all. will definitely recommend it to all!!
great price and good quality.  keep it in the truck to plug phone into when needed.  keeps phone charged.  would recommend to anyone.
i have to agree with the previous reviews   this is a great charger.  i have an htc inspire and this charger works beautifully.  the price is right and the shipping was quick.
great charger works really well!!! i have bought those 5 dollar off brands to many times just to turn around and buy another one the next month!! this 5 dollar charger has lasted 3 months so far and still going strong!! name brand for off brand prices!! great deal!!
love having this car charger to supplement my home charger, since i am always so busy, i forget to charge at home.
i bought this for my car because my boyfriend stepped on my last one and broke it. i absolutely love it and i love that it has the blue light on it when charging!
i've used this across 2 different type of cars and two different phones. if your phone has a micro usb, you can use it.
this charger works great!  the only thing i don't like about it is the length.  its a little longer than it needs to be and get gets in the way of my shifter in my car.  other than that its perfect.
it's been useful for charging several different phones in my car. the blue light tells you it's connected to your car and then you connect the phone, very simple.
charges my samsung galaxy s3 very fast, cool blut light to let you know it has power, and a durable cable with the perfect amount of length!
works very well with my samsung 4 phone.  like how it lights up to show that the charger is working correctly.
i am so happy with this product.  i bought one that didn't work for me.  it was promptly replaced and this one works great.  my daughter had bought one previously and it worked great also.  great customer service.  thanks!
not much to say on this car charger. it does what it is supposed to do and has a blue light on the charger.
love my new power adapter. charges my phone super fast. light lets me plug/unplug with ease at night! will purchase another for my other car!
my wife was having problems with the charger that came with her razor.  it took way to long to charge in the car.  this one is at least 80% faster.
i've gone through several car chargers and they usually fail at some point or won't charge properly. this one though, i've had it for a long while now and it's still going strong, and i trust it 100% to charge my phone when i need it.
not a whole lot i can add to the already 500+ reviews.  i used to stay away from dedicated phone chargers and preferred the dc usb outlet so i could plug in whatever cord i needed.  now with most things being micro usb this works great.
charges pretty fast and looks pretty cool while doing it.  not sure if this specific charger is actually faster than other phone chargers, i haven't tested it out.  but i assume it does.
this was a cheap write in to get free shipping; however, i live the soft blue light and it is enough to see to plug in your equipment at night in the car.  cheap and works well.
get this one if you don't still have the mounting bracket since it plugs into the usb port on the unit.
simply does the job and very good quality. usb slot allows me to charge other things from the same outlet which is very useful sometimes on a road because i don't have to plug in my splitter or unplug this guy from my phone to charge something else.
perfect for my andriod phone or anything with a micro usb port.  i highly recommend it to anyone with this need.
i like that it is lighted when plugged in, since i can't easily see if it is properly connected in the console of my car.
i bought this item in october of 2011 and it still works, the blue light gets two thumbs up because it indicates when its ready to charge. good deal overall!
i keep this in my care for longer trips. that way my phone stays charged.  and i don't have to charge it when i get there.
delivery was very prompt.item was just as expected.i use it every day with no problems. it works great on my htc evo 4g!!!!!
good product great price, it works as it should no issues at all. way else can i say. s s
like the fact that it's the correct brand and milliamps to charge my smart phone. it charges fast and the blue led light design looks neat.
this charger has a enlighting color when plugged in,a powerful charge that holds true to what's advertised upon purchasing and the chord is flexible enough to stretch without springing back to its original length fully.i would recommend this product to all my friends.
this product is wonderful and i would recommend to anyone that is in need of new charger.  a great product
so far this charger works well and has a nice long cord unlike some of the cheaper brands. only negative was i thought the charger was a little pricey.
great price. dependable delivery. works fine. no problems. very convenient to have!  except my car only charges when running unlike last car.
best car charger i have ever owned.  the stock verizon car charger would not stay in the socket, and this one stays snug.  solid build.  if you need a dual socket get the vector along with the p513.  you will not be disappointed with this product.
this charger is really fast, it also has worked longer than most of my previous chargers. definitely worth paying a little more for the brand name.
very impressed with it, is exactly what i would have had to pay $40 for on the website. its not a knock off it is the real motorola. well worth the money. it charges the phone very fast in about an hour.
this charger works as advertised.  it charges well & rapidly, has a &#34;cool&#34; blue pilot light and the price is right!
i threw out all my other chargers and use only this one. i like the glow indicator when i am connecting in the dark. i highly recommend it for the droid x.
been using it for a while now.  super fast charger. would buy it again.  highly recommend product. : ) )
best charger for a great price nothing out there that charges faster than this great motorola product when your on the road!
nothing beats a motorola oem product.  and at this price its worth trashing the off market one you paid $35 for last year
the order came as described. the charger worked as expected. i would order again. the item arrived pretty quickly too.
amazing value. bought two of these, one for each of our cars, use them on an evo 4g and evo shift, flawless. they charge with full power, no issues. i read a lot of reviews of usb chargers before settling on this one, and i'm happy i did.
works great with my droid x, but also works with any other micro usb phone.  this charger is both reliable and cheap, and it changes fairly quickly.  haven't had a problem yet and i use it all the time.
does what it's supposed to do. i bought one a few years ago and it still works perfectly i've bought a few more for extras and for my family. highly recommend it.
i use my cellphone as gps during a 10 hour commute, so a car charger is necessary. it is a good piece of work. it is compatible w/ my blackberry, and now my samsung gs3. so far, it is still functional.
i needed to replace one of my car chargers because it was wearing out. i bought this to try it out and liked it so much i bought enough for my other vehicles. hard to beat for the price. the only downside is the blue led is kind of bright.
works great.  i use it in the car for keeping my cell phone a htc one x+ fully charged, and it is a great charger.
does what it was purchased for. haven't had any issues and it is an original manufacturer device so it won't kill my phone like some cheap chargers
no complaints.  i use the charger often.  the blue light on the charger is nice to let you know the charger is receiving power,
it works as advertised. looks pretty cool at night. not too bright at all. nice hue.i use it when i travel for my motorola droid and it keeps my phone from dying.
this is the second one that i have purchased. like the blue glow it gives while charging. charges wuick and does not get hot like cheap car chargers
solid product, bought two for the heck of it.  can't go wrong with this one when it comes to a micro usb charger
i got this to replace the one i lost(actually i think when i was getting my car washed it walked out) but.this one was a good price and a nice replacement, it was better then the one that i lost/stolen. get it!  at this price you can't go wrong.
this is a hquality charger.exactly as pictured. seats well in cigarette jack of your car. lights up blue when powered.super deal!!
works well and charges quickly.for the price this is worth it. my android phone actually gets completely charged on a long trip even when gps, bluetooth and maximum brightness is set.
having previously purchased car chargers for my phone i was skeptica,l but took a shot anyway because of the motorola brand and the low price. glad i did. quality product. charges well. i would buy it again.
i needed a car charger for my moto u9 and when i saw the price of this charger, i couldn't pass it up.  this is way cheaper than buying from the cell phone provider!
this charger looks cool and charges micro usb devices effectively.the price was reasonable, so feel confident in buying it.
i love this thing because it charges super fast in no time! wish there is one where you can charge and carry with you on the go without having to plug in the outlet.
i really like the way it lights up blue. been really reliable thus far, i would suggest to anyone looking.
i love this thing it charges my evo where others have failed. the light is not super bright at night either so it's not blinding.
it works, and the nice blue ambient light is nice.  it however does not charge an older feature phone (non smart phone).  works great on other smart phones in the family.  seems pretty sturdy, had it 6months now, no loose ends.
like product. no bad stuff. just like really cool. fleep! need ore words make review extra good. you like it?
i have been purchasing these for my company for over a year the first time i paid $$5.99 each.the last purchase 20 of them on my  8th 2014 @$8.73 each. now the price is jacked up to $18.49. look else ware.
works great nice price name brand i have bought the cheap ones and there just not worth it this is a motorola and i have bought many of these for all my cars i have had for a year or so no problems
right on time & very satisfied i had no.problem & the item works perfectly it also works excellent & very rapid charging
i use this to charge my phone while i use it as a gps. it works as intended and it is stylish on top of that.
works well with my htc evo3d it charges my phone pretty fast. for the price it was a good deal.
. . . i mean, its a car charger, right? nice long cord but is manageable due to the coil. cool blue glowing light but not so much as to be obnoxious. seems to be quality build and oem motorola product. good stuff
it's $5 and it charges as if it were a normal ac charger.  there's nothing else to say, this thing is a no brainer for any micro usb device.
this charger is thee best! its cute and works well.what more can you ask for? i got drunk and sat on my sprint charger that i paid $35 for.this car charger saved my life. you guys know how htc battery life is.
this is a great product and an awesome price.  it is exactly what i ordered and the charger was shipped in a timely manner.
the product was exactly what i ordered and works great. the blue led is a nice touch. can't wait to use it on my roadtrip to fl.
this charger works quite well with  with my original galaxys even in the recessed port. i have had no problems whatsoever
i'm in love! it a wonderful charger! my boyfriend ost my 1st one! so i'm happy i was about a find it all over again! =)
great charger but the indicator light is very distracting. if there was a way to dim the light it would be perfect for night driving.
bought this for my evo 3d.  works great!  actually looks nice and charges well.  definitely better than the cheap chargers you get elsewhere!  those cheap chargers don't have the right current to charge the newer phones. would definitely buy again.
i've used a couple different aftermarket chargers in my 4runner, and they always took forever to charge and my phone would get really hot.  this bad boy charges fast and my phone don't get really hot.  wish i'd ordered it a lot sooner.
quick and rapid service.  work great. this is the real thing. just like the one i bought in the store for double the price.
this charger works great.  i bought another non branded charger and the micro usb connection to my phone was not tight.  on this charger, it's tight and does not fall out/have issues charging.
charges quickly, build quality is good, and it has a cool blue light that adds a nice glow to the car interior.  this is a much better value than the other cheap chargers on amazon and ebay.  buy one for each car and a few as gifts.  
charges my phone (moto droid) very fast, even while in the car dock, running navigation, and playing music. what more can be said?
i have had this product for at least 3 months.my cell several times alerted for chargingnearly dead and i charged it for 15 minutesand the battery would be on half or 3/4charged. very fast!!!! awesome.
this came in a timely manner and it works great.  the glowing blue led is cool in the car when the charger is plugged in.
the motorola blue glow is enough reason in itself to buy this.i just wonder if it is quicker to charge via a 2.1 usb port or this?
oem, works great, blue disc light is cool, cheap, shipped fast, as described, brand new, descent style for a charger. nothing to complain about. no more wasting money on the cheap ones that break in a week and no more spending $35 for one at the verizon store
i loved how much less expensive this was compared to the ones from the actual store. it works great and i love the blue m at the end, it lights up when plugged in
looks cool when plugged into lighter socket in car.lights up a nice blue.does what it was made for.  i use it for charging my phone and nexus 7 tablet.
great price and perfect charger. i needed a new one for my car. the plug connects snugly into my phone and i don;t feel like it's going to break anytime soon.
this is a great charger. it turns blue when you plug it in so you know it is working. it works on different phone models really well. no issues.
i bought this car charger to use with my android razr and it works great. i love how the &#34;m&#34; lights up on it when i plug it in, the light is this nice mellow blue.
charges my phone fast and it has a cool blue light. me and my friend got one and we are happy with this purchase.
i like the power of this charger. it does charge quickly and my phone can be use as soon as i plug it in. great quality.
probably the best charger to buy at this price.950ma output is good enough for most mobile phones.dont even think twice, just buy it.
the car charger is indeed from motorola and quickly charges my samsung galaxy s3 phone. it was very helpful for me to charge my phone in car.
after using some offbrand charger forever, decided to get a decent charger for the phone.previous chargers took long time to charge.this new one is great.5 stars.
awesome!! couldn't be happier.charges really well and has been lasting compare to the one i got from the store in verizon. ty
the motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger fits perfectly and work great.  it charges my phone in about 30 minutes.
this is a very cool looking car charger for my evo 4g.  the motorola logo lights up a nice shade of blue and the construction of the unit is great.  very nicely made and not cheap looking like other chargers at this prce point.  highly recommend.
works perfectly, as described. i was a bit concerned when the there was no packaging, only a plastic zip bag, but no problems what so ever.
no complaints. has a very good fit and much faster charge than other off brand chargers i had in the past.
motorola charger at a decent price plus got it in a day.needed a spare that is why i bought it.
this is the best charger i have ever used. i am ordering one for each of my cars.  it gave me a full charge in fifteen minutes from half charged.
this is the exact item listed in a small bag with very little packaging.  i would purchase again when i need more.
this is the motorola original. charges my lumia 920 well.charging during navigation results in increase of battery.great value for money.
i dont know what some of the other reviews saying this is chaep. it is awsome and for your information most chargers and smartphones  come from china lol. i dont like people giving bad reviews when porduct is great.
as described   works great!  i think the price is very reasonable. i have been using it for 4 weeks and i found no issues.
i needed a car charger. i bought this one. works fine, it charges my phone like its supposed to. the blue led light is fancy. shipping was fast
much better value than the $20+ item i bought at verizon   that didn't last.  also charges faster than the verizon one.  i like that it's designed/made by motorola and hopefully less likely to harm my expensive droid than some of the junky ones.
this is the best charger cable hands down. it looks good and it function to perfection. i have already bought three of these.
it's a very effective, fast charger. i buy from them again but i doubt i'll need to. good charger for my galaxy
the best car charger i've ever purchased, its a rapid charger and ill most likely order more. i recommend you get this charger.
the best money for the charger i could find.  get it!  it charged my phone within minutes! it glows blue enough to be able to find things are night!  cool cool cool
it is a very rapid charger compared to the others out there.  it was a very good pruchase for the price.
pros:it's genuine motorola.can't beat the price, $5.950 ma outputcons:don't care for the blue led light but i don't have to look at it because my aux power in inside my cars center console (09' honda accord)will probably order another one to have a backup and because it's so inexpensive
this was the cheapest charger (with good quality) i found. i bought it for my samsung gallaxy ii and works perfect.
its a charger, it works, good length, and the blue glow is also cool. so good i just ordered a second one for my wife.
works well fast charge good results and great quality.if you are looking for a micro usb adapter this is the car charger for you.
no problem with the product.  it works perfectly with my samsung galaxy 3. the clear handle on the product lights up in a bright blue (led) light.
my folks just got new cell phones and needed a micro usb charger for their car.  this unit is solid and nice light with good price.
reliable and does what it claims. i like the blue light when it charges. i'm pretty happy with it. ive had this for a year now and it's still working!
good price for this adapter.  i have one already provided by my company, but got another one for my daughter to charge up her phone and another daughter has one in her car.  they are very reliable.
this charger works great, and it is an actual motorola product, which i would take any day over a knockoff. still works about six months after buying, so it was definitely worth the money.
no problems with this. works well with my droid razr and my old droid 2.  the jack is a little bulkier than necessary, but not a big deal.
beats all the car chargers! very quickbecause the flow of power is not buffered like other car chargers.charges certain types of phones like samsung and lgother qualities:good design. everyone asks me what is that thing with the blue light?blue lighting matches interior lightingcord/wire length is approx:26" stretch out length:65"
the car charger i received was oem and i am pleased with the purchase. the price is quite reasonable, and shipping was free. so far, it's working perfectly, so i have no complaints. i recommend this charger for moto products.
my samsung galaxy nexus phone is very touchy about what cables it will accept for charging. i'm glad to say it likes this one!
charges quickly. plugs in easily. i like the blue light that let's me know it is plugged in all the way.
great charger, love the blue light on it use it all the time in my car for my blackberry bold/ htc evo and brothers blackberry curve 3g
my galaxy nexus is an energy hog, but this puppy powers it up and charges it faster than anything out there.stop looking at other chargers and buy this thing now.
this power adapter has been an excellent addition to my car.  prompt service, great price, and excellent condition.  i would purchase another one  from this seler.
this is a great quality charger at a great price. you eould easily pay $20.00 for this charger at a bestbuy or similar store.
this is the third one i bought. i got two for me and one for my sone. work great. the m glows blue. like it very much.
the authentic brand for less value than at a retail store, cant get better than this. already looking for other products to purchase. received the charger in its original box but was in an enclosed envelope (guess for security purpose). box and contents weren't damaged. good job!
it works well with a motorola atrix2. some chargers do not work well with atrix2.very good material (body and cable). about amazon delivery   very fast.
nice charger that works faster than your home charger. very nice led lights up to show charger is in use. must have if you get the full use out of your droid!
this is a real oem not a knockoff.charges my phone in about 25 minutes.price was great compared to the dealer price.
lasted almost a year (so far).it's the most durable charger i've purchased. the ends haven't degraded noticeably, still providing a reliable charge.
i think it great the way motorola has design this adapter. a great price of work. of course all of the item i have owned from motorola has been out standing.
i bought this charger to replace the one from verizon that just stopped working.it is great at one quarter the price!
i love this speed charger!!! it looks really classy in a new vehicle and it charges my galaxy phone super quick.
this is the second identical charger i've purchased within a year. one for each of our vehicles.  i have bought other make/models, but have not been as elated with them as i have this model. it is an excellent product and one i'd wholeheartedly recommend to all. richard
compact design makes it nice when access to your 12v outlet is tight.  higher rate charger than my previous one.  cool blue glow is not distracting at night. all with a great price makes it a great deal.
just haven't used it very much yet but planing a road trip in about 2 weeks and using my phone as a gps and that will tell the tail  if it keeps it well charged i'll be happy  
works great, use it pretty much everyday on my motorola droid. not only works great but looks great as it lights up in blue and reveals the "m" for motorola which looks like a hologram. a++
great value!  happy with the quality and the price.  shipping was quick and easy. i like the soft blue light. it charges well.
love it great product glad i order it and would recommend to anyone seeking a car charger at reasonable price
great product. i have four of them, one in each vehicle. blue light can seem a little bright when it's dark out and you've been traveling a long time.
it does exactly what it is supposed to do. i use this for my droid x. i have owed it for a monthor so  now and i have not had any problems with it. the charger also has a good charge speed
works great. the light on the end has nothing to do with charging but, looks good.
the price was great and it works every time. rapid rate is portable to take anywhere, car, boat or office. the blue light lets you know your phone is charging.
this replaces a car charger that had been damaged.  it's an improvement in looks and sturdiness. nice. i love it.
im very happy with my charger so far,love the blue light. i've had it for about a month now works great, charges fast and love the longer cord.
i've bought a few of these.  they work great but seem to fail after 6   9 months.  on mine it's always been a wire that breaks.  not sure why since i don't move it much.  anyway, good value.
amazon sent me the spanish version in a plastic bag (instead of motorola packaging) but the specs are the same and the item seems to work fine so far (i've had limited use to date though)for both my samsung epic 4g and htc evo 4g.
the adapter works as expected in charging my droidx and droid 2 phones without any issues. i do like the big blue screen on the top that lights up when connected as it also helps me in pulling the adapter out of the socket after charging .
works good, charges fast, cool blue light looks neat.  my cars lighter plug never turns off, so that's annoying but not the chargers fault.
title basically says it. this charger works perfectly with my new motorola droid and the nice blue light looks great in my car at night. sure can't beat that price, too!
bought one of these for each of my vehicles.  these are the oem motorola chargers and they work great and without fail.  and they look cool when plugged in with their little blue light.  the best value anywhere on a vehicle charger.  highly recommend!
the old card charger i had didn't work for my new phone.  this one works well and i like the light up display when it is plugged in.
i bought this charger for my droid incredible and it works really good. the price was cheaper than those chargers i saw in an electronics store.
this charger does exactly what it promotes. works great, simple, and easy. motorola is a brand to trust, with a successful history.
you won't find a better charger no matter how much you spend. extremely fast charging, cool blue light, long cord. get the best at the price of a bad generic!
we have used two of these in a variety of cars and it keeps smartphones charged running waze or google maps navigation for many miles. we designed and rugged.
it's a car charger. it works like one. it charges my cell phone in an hour or two. also works for anything else you might have that has a micro usb port, like a bluetooth headset. haven't had any problems with it.
this was a great price for car charger. saved a ton of money and works great.
bought for a samsung android phone and works great!  no problems with this charger, came in original packaging, and the blue motorola logo that illuminates is cool!  good price too!
nice, fast charger, blue operation light is a nice low level intensity for driving at night, works perfectly for my kyocera torque.
does what it says it will.  i like the length of the cord.  long enough to be useable but not so long that it get in the way.
nto to much 1 can say about this charger.  its just a basic car charger, 1 good poin is that it is a motorola brand.  i would buy another.
still works well 3 years latervery cool looking blue light while plugged inhighly recommended
it is a great charger for the price and works real good. i would buy it again a second time.
this motorola charger works great and arrived quickly. it is the real motorola one too not a generic like some people claimed they got.
charges my moto x in ac mode and allows me to use the gps for extended periods of time without worrying about my battery. much better price than anything i could find in any big box stores. the illuminated blue motorola logo looks pretty spiffy too.
i just couldn't resist the glowing blue circle with the motorola logo in it on the end. lets you know its plugged in .  nice coiled cord.  works great.
bought several of these for $5 and they work very well. got enough to put one in each car so we're never without power.
exactly as described. charges all my mobile devices great including my portable audio amplifier. and the blue sure is 'purdy  
not much to say about a car charger but it does its job when my phone died charges it pretty quickly
nothing wrong with it right now. the blue light is great to see at night. looks really sturdy as well.
use this charger in my car everyday. it's held up so far and seems to charge fast. money well spent.
i was worried about this charger since most buyer were complaining about it, but mine came without any issues, i'm very pleased.
light weight, very easy to use, store etc.  am going to order 2 more always need a back up!!  one for when you travel, another in the car and another one that well, for when you forget
this is one of the best car chargers i have had.  seems to be built well and love the way it lights up when it has a connection in the plug/outlet
i've been through a few car chargers. sooner or later, they would stop charging for some unknown reason.i got this charger for my samsung fascinate and it worked great from day one. it hasn't let me down since. the blue glow also looks cool.
does the job flawlessly and gives the car a great blue light . 5 star product and great micro usb charger
does what it's supposed to do, good price, and i don't have anything more to say about it. so i'll say goodbye!
great charger.  works great for my samsung galaxy 3.  also works great for my gps.  the side of the charger lights up blue.
i like the design and works perfect, i will recommend this item to all my friends, plus the price is excellent
does what it's suppose to do. light is cool. no issues. very easy to use. literally plug & play. used it to keep my phone charged during  road rally.
the motorola power adapter charges my droid with the 1800mah battery in 30 min. the light does sometimes get annoying when night driving but its worth it
i've had this charger for almost a year and have had no problems with it. i'm very pleased with my purchase.
i was weary of the price and thought it would be a china reproduction. but it came in the oem packaging and works great!!!!
i bought this product and it works great.  doesn't get hot or anything.  i have an evo and it definitely helps when i start using the navigation feature.  would very much recommend this product.  and with the shipping it came quick with no hassles.
i like the cord length and it doesn't feel like it is stretching to get to my phone on my dash. works great.
great product   keeps the droid x2 charged. doesn't overheat and looks pretty cool with the blue led. also, great price.you'd expect to pay $30 for something similar inside the store.
it is the exactly model that cames with the cellphone (droid 2). nothing more to say, since the objective is accomplished. pretty good.
i have used this on 3 different phones and it has worked great!!!!  i have owned this for about 2 years now, and no complains so far.
i have only used it a couple times but i have had no problems with it. i use it to charge my desire c.
inexpensive and it works perfectly. the large circular area at the top lights up with a blue led light. no tiny indicator for this adapter. i love it.
it does what it is advertised to do. what else can i say? i like the blue tint from it.
bought it to replace a car charger that broke. have used for 1 month now with no problems.  very nice.
sleek and stylish. this charger gets the job done in relatively short time and looks good with my moto q.
nice product. replacing the at&t original charger that died just past warranty period. over $32.00 including tax at at&t. buy this one and save yourself $24.00 or so. the blue light is cool too.
this charger works great in the car. the motorola symbol glows a light blue color which shouldn't bother anyone while driving at night. i have had this charger a few weeks now and it seems to work flawlessly. a good buy for the price.
i've owned quite a number of car chargers in my lifetime and have had minimal reliance on them.  this charger, by far, has been the best i've used.  charges comparably as fast as wall chargers in my house for my galaxy s3.
best charger ever, cool blue light, works great for everyones android and flip phone, durable, cheap price. recommend to all.
love the sleek lighted look. arrived fast, great price, worked great. has a nice clip that helps keep cord compact.
as promised.  works very well.  i've purchased cheap chargers before and they usually add very little to the battery, but this charges just like the one that came with the phone.  great for price.
this charger arrived within the expected time frame. it was undamaged. the construction is of quality materials and it works as advertised.
this is my second one.products works and described as expected. i broke my other one and came back to it again this is an awesome charger for my galaxy s3 pretty quick to charge too.very satisfied!!!!
this is the best. if i bought it in a store i would have paid so much more. still using it and lov the blue light!!!
perfect and works great! still working after a lot of use. seems to charge really fast! you can look down and see it's working by the blue light. at night it's no distraction either.
this thing charges just as fast as any other charger, plus it has a nifty blue light up screen to let you know when it's working. works fine for both android phones i've had.
this charger rapidly charges all of my portable devices very fast including bluetooth devices, cell phones and other items.great buy!  works with any micro usb device (non motorola devices)
i bought two and there working fine. the blue light is cool but bulkier than i'd like. x x x
work good.  this was original not knock off.  all labels with fancy hologram.  when it is plugged in, a cool blue light turns on surrounding the &#34;m&#34; logo.
i got this about a year ago.  it was a real, motorola branded charger.  works great on everything i've tried to charge, including my htc incredible.  super inexpensive, but great quality.
cheap first rate charger. looks great, good design. does what it is suppose to do. have used for 4 months it has not failed.
true oem motorola product!  much cheaper than other chargers and works fantastic.  purchased 2 of these for my two cars.  my galaxy s3 charges in ac mode and it charges very quickly!awesome deal!
best charger i've had for my droid.
i was worried about buy a car charger online due to reviews i had read, but amazon made it easy and reading the reviews on this product help my decision and they were correct!  it works as advertised and we haven't had any issues.
wow, what a deal. this charges my droid razr maxx with no problems. i've got one for each car and will probably buy a spare at this price. it will work great for any phone or device that uses a micro usb connection to charge.
this charger works great. the blue light in the base is a cool touch as well. the popular plug works with many of my devices.
no complaints whatsoever.  feels of good quality and arrived in no fuss packaging. if you are looking for a charger, i suggest you go with this one.  it's so affordable, i bought one for each of my three cars.
i have these in 3 different vehicles so i don't have to carry a cord with me all the time. no problems: they've performed superbly.
this is a motorola charger that i bought for my droid razr.  if you dont mind the bright blue motorola logo glowing at night, at this price, this charger is the best choice for charging a single device.
i use this on my nexus 4. it works and it is cheap. do you need anything else? i think not.
this is by far the best charger i have owned.  i have used it for blackberrys, droid x and have purchased multiple ones for each car that we have.  don't buy any other one but this one.
great for the price, only complaint is that the whole center ring lights up blue which is very annoying at night.edit was great when it worked now it's a no go. that's what i get for a eight dollar charger.
i needed it it is very helpful for me.i use it when i get in the car almost every time.thank you so much.rusty.d@comcast.net
this charger gives a very strong charge that lasts a long time before needing to charge again. i would get it!
last store bought charger i had had a super short cord. this one does not.  works good and the best part is the price!
mine lasted me 3 years before it up and recently stopped having a connection to charge it. but worth the money.
the item arrived as described and worked as described  it looked pretty cool at night time with the blue l.e.d. lit up. it was for a samsung galaxy s iii.
this is my second charger of this type. the other one stopped working after a few years of being in the car. the charge is as fast as i have seen and the price is cheap so i ordered a replacement.
best car charger i've tried.  works amazing with my samsung galaxy nexus and all the other android phones of my friends.
this is a good quality charger. the blue light matches my aftermarket interior lights so it looks pretty cool. i actually bought 2 of these for each car.
great car charger. the light makes it easy to find a night. solid build and good for any micro usb device.
the build quality is really great. it fits the lighter port firmly and stays fixed. that was not the case for a lot of other previous chargers. you get way more than your money's worth.
this is a great well made very reasonably priced car charger.  lights up to show power and nice long cord.
great, great to solve my problem with my phone, load very fast in my car i have no problem !!!
used it for months now and cable is still holding up. the overmolded connector provides good strain relief. would recommend.
it's cheap so i bought it. just an extra charger for the car just in case. works well. no issues yet.
this has been my go to power adapter for my droid bionic for many months now.it has been serving me well, and without any issues.highly recommended.
this is one of the best chargers i have found on the market.  it charges the phone quickly and can even keep up when simultaneously using things like gps or streaming music.
thus far working as it should. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
i expected this to be a cheaper quality no name brand, but it was actually the motorola brand and it works perfectly!
charges phone rapidly and is made from high quality materials. i will definitely look for this charger again when it's time to buy a new one.
i love this charger. it has worked like a champ!
this charge is great for charging the motorola roadster bluetooth device.  it is long enough that i can loop it behind my rearview mirror and charge the device without taking it down.
gread charger.  love it.  charges quickly and works on my mp3 also.  large charging light for those of us who are becoming sight challenged. love it!!!
this charger does the job and is a good value. works fine with my htc one. would recommend and repurchase.
works great. some people don't like the blue light and find it distracting. i just rotate the charger so it doesn't bother me.
good charger, using it for my samsung galaxy nexus. it gets the job done, even when im using it as a gps it still charges the phone.
just perfect, love the blue light color. genuine motorola, quick shipping.i use it for my lumia 920 and it charges quickly. i researched a lot before buying it for my lumia 920.
i got this charger because my phone does not hold power very long and so i try to always have it charging in my car during my commutes. it does charge my phone rapidly and steadily.i use it almost everyday.
i hate the fact that the cell phone companies charge $30 for these things.  this one has the right price and works excellently.  i highly recommend it.
these were cheap, they came fast (we used our prime account though.) and they work as promised. we use them for galaxy s3 and a photon. they're kinda cool looking too so bonus points  
this product was exactly what it said it was and got it directly from amazon.  works with a motorola phone and a non  motorola phone. happy with the purchase.  two of them.
this charger gave my samsung galaxy s 3 10% on the battery in just 20 minutes.  i was impressed as car charges that i have used in the past would have given 5% in 20 minutes.if that!  the design is also very sleek.  great deal!!!
this is a great charger. solid motorola build quality and very fast (faster than my wall charger). should work with any micro usb charging device. definitely worth the low amazon price.
super good especially for the price.  some people complain about the glowing motorolla sign, but i thought that was good so i can see that it is charging correctly.
this appears to be an oem motorola charger at a fantastic price.  it works perfectly and has a clear area that turns to a blue hue when it's charging.  shipping was fast.
it works just fine and the quality is good.  dont mind the blue light
exactly what was ordered for 1/8th of the price of the cell phone stores.thank you amazon.appears to be oem which is great.
my droid x tends to need a lot of charging and having this car charger handy is a life saver.  it works great alone or with mymotorola vehicle dock for droid x & droid x2 with rapid car charger (motorola retail packaging). good quality, too!
i'm sure there are cheaper ones out there, but certainly not as flashy as this is.my girlfriend and i just love them.
full backlight for ur vehicle charge holds good & charges very quick i love it i would buy this charger again!
i made the mistake by purchasing, what i thought was this same charger on ebay, not knowing it was a cheap clone that would only work intermittently to never.  made this purchase a few months ago on amazon and it is great oem quality that gets the job done.
before this, i used a cheap generic brand from china and it didn't charge quickly enough during my short time of driving.man! does this surprise me!this charges really fast and it's much fancier looking.this is my car charger for life.
have one of these in one car and needed on in other car. cord is long and makes it easy to leave plugged in while using phone in the car.
the adapter looks great. it charges fast. it is compatible with multiple devices. this was a fantastic purchase! i am a happy camper!
the car charger was on time and has worked great!  def worth my time and effor to buy this product!
i love these things i have two of them and they have always worked great and you can't beat the price. i use them for my bb and the family has droid phones it works on all of them if you are thinking about getting one do it.
i ordered this car charger for use with my htc inspire 4g (which is well known as a power hog!) this charger works great, is aesthetically pleasing, and has an unbeatable price. i'm so impressed, i just ordered another one to keep in my other vehicle.
just as advertised and is very handy to have.i was sketchy because it was so cheap, but it was money well spent.  still kicking!
on the road has become easier with the addition of this car charger for my cell phone.it is well made and reasonably priced and does the job that it was intended for.
what do you get when you have everything you need, another car charger, this one is easy on the eye if nothing else.
we realized day two into major storms and no power that we did not have a car charger for our phones.  roops, works great and amazon had it to us in two days for the next set of snow/storms
this accessory works perfectly and it has the look of an expensive accessory rather than a cheapo accessory. i use it to charge my htc one x and it doesn't disappoint.
this charger really charges my galaxy s3 very fast compared to other cheaper chargers around. invest the extra and get this one.
charges really fast. really nice accent to a dark interior with icy blue light.  a lil bulky but that is expected from a rapid charger.
charger works fine and has a cool circle that lights up blue. it sticks out kind of far from your cigarette lighter (maybe 3 or 4 inches) so it didn't work for my old truck because the stick shifter would hit it in first gear,
working without issue to charge samsung galaxy 3s. no issues thus far with two of these.pleasant blue glow on the motorola symbol, but could be distracting while driving for some.
motorola brand.  cool blue to match civic console lights.  i like it and it hasn't failed me yet.  get it to charge your devices today.
do i need to say anything else? save your time and effort buying cheap crap on ebay. this is the best deal you could get for 5 bucks!
awesome looking charger with the blue lit &#34;m&#34; and it works just as any charger should.  no complaints here.  can't beat this product and the price.
great charger for a great price.  i use this with my htc thunderbolt.  saved a ton of money over buying from vz.  i like the blue light as an added touch.
read the reviews, saw the price, i was pretty much sold from there. blue light is bright, but it matches the blue lights on my radio deck, so it looks fine.  no complaints. does what it's supposed to do.
great oem motorola charger that works great on my samsung galaxy note 2!!  wasn't 100% sure, but i guess most microusb plug chargers will work with others (you may want to dbl check output).  the blue led isn't too bright, nor bothersome.great car charger (and it's an oem)! 
great product! been through numerous different types of car chargers and this one has been the best one by far. chargers my phone very quickly and does not heat up like other chargers i have had in the past.
we have used it for over a year now and have had no issues with it.i would highly recommend it.the blue light that emanates from it is cool !!
i have tried several micro usb chargers for my samsung droid charge and my motorola droid razr and this is the best for both of them it charges so fast and it does not over charge or get the phone hot
this charger works great and is just what i wanted, i like the light on it too haha, it lights up my console in the dark
this charges my phone nicely when i'm in the car.  that's all we really want out of it, isn't it?
does what it's supposed to do.  works for my samsung galaxy 2.  bought two just in case.  putting words in. this review so it will let me submit lol.
great price for a motorola power adapter and works great.  the motorola logo illuminates a nice blue when plugged in.  pretty cool!
i got one for my son and he was very happy with it. then my husband needed one, without shopping i went ahead and i bought another one for my husband. that should tell you how good they are.
i found that using the navigator app on my droid drained the battery.  with this product, i can charge while in the car.perfect!!!
charger is just what i needed for my husband's car. his last charger broke and this was a great replacement. works great!
i've had this for a while and it charges my galaxy s3 with no problem. when a charger works like it's suppose to, then it's either a 5 star or a 1. i would recommend this, especially considering the price.
recharges phone very fast.  cool blue led light lights up at night showing a transparent motorolla sign.  would highly recommend.
well what can you say about a charger. this one serve its purpose and it's cool to look at. the light helps to remind me something is still plugging in. coiled wire make it easy to store in glove box. lovely!
this vehicle charger is a must  have. waaaaaaaaaaaaaay faster than those generic charges you pay twice as much for. i ordered mine from amazon llc. be careful of the others in which may be selling variants of this motorola charger.
my charger arrived on time. it looks just as it is shown in the ad. even better if you ask me. i love that the center lights up purple/blue. it looks expensive yet it was really cheap.
this is a great charger, so for i like it, and really like the way it lights up when in use.
i've had this for about two months and still no problems. best cheap car charger i've come across.if you're debating on buying it then i say it's worth the 5$.
this charger is pretty neat. it does not phase in and out (while connected) like other car usb chargers. the charging is also pretty quick and steady. i use it with my evo (which is a battery hog!!) and runs flawless !!
i ordered two chargers. one for my car and one for my husbands. works excellent! better and more durable than any other car charger.
love this thing, and i'm probably never going to buy another car charger as long as i live. rapid and reliable. what more could you ask?
this adaptor works great! and to have a motorola branded charger for the price i paid for this is great
works likes it shuld. love the blue led not too bright. cord is thick and not flimsy. charges phone very fast!!!
this works great, glows blue when plugged in, makes for a lot of light in the vehicle, if that would bother you. dont buy this one!
if you have a higher powered smart phone this is one of the best car chrgers you can get, any mini usb phone will work great with it
does the job. i bought this for my wife and she usually complains about these type items but i waited and not one peep so far and that's been over a month. awesome
i really like the way this looks in my car. it lights up blue and just looks very sleek. it charges well and i haven't had any problems so far.
this is a huge asset for me. the charger works properly and arrived on time. it is also the right size for me to keep in a closed compartment of my car. great choice.
i love this product and it has been less then a yr or more but the product still work. i would buy from this company if i need to.
have been using it for some time, and other than that it doesn't fit very well in my honda's center console (it needs to be pushed in every once in a while), i've never experienced an issue.
i had [purchased numerous car chargers, my daughter and my nephew both have this particular one and it has lasted them both for over a  year so i knew which one to get
product arrived quickly and was just as it stated on description.  i am satisfied with my purchase of the motorola car charger
i purchased two of car charges and they work great. i've had no issues with it and the blue light looks cool inside the car at nite.
it is really good and cheap power adapter, very good and strongly recommend it if you are using an android phone which battery sucks.
what more can you ask for.  it charges my phone and is sturdy.  i'm always dropping mine and stepping on it.  no problems with it and i use it everyday.
i expected this to be like all other car chargers. however after using it i am very pleased. this charger beats knock off car chargers by a long shot. it is very fast at charging my htc evo 3d. best of all you can not beat the price.
great charger for the price. looks great too! these things take a beating in the car with snow, salt, coffee, etc. i've ordered this one several times because it holds up good and is affordable.
i absolutely love this charger. not only does it look good but works well too ! i am considering purchasing one more.
we recently went on a 10 hour road trip.  i knew my phone's battery would be drained if i used my gps the whole time, so i bought this charger.  it worked perfectly and kept my phone charged the whole time.
this works better than some of the cheap car chargers.  no complains here.  stays in the socket without problems.  i would buy this again.
been using to charge my htc evo 4g for more than a year now. has worked like a charm. no issues whatsoever
this charger works really well, in fact it works perfectly with my incredible. it arrived as an original motorola charger and the company has wonderful customer service. invest if you are looking.
i have only had the charger for the last week but i love it. it is nice to be able to charge my phone while driving.
awwwww i can not say enough good thing'z about this product, work'z great and light'z up really nice blue with the motorola logo in the center, great product, great price and great shipping cost, it'z all good.
i upgraded my phone. the upgraded phone had a micro usb so i ordered this and it is working great. great price and it works. what more could one ask for.
cord is super long, and fittings feel perfect.  blue light emits from motorola symbol but not overpowering.  i recommend to anybody needing a replacement car charger
does the job with a great price tag. with the other 1700+ reviews and most of them nearly 5 stars, do you really have to look any further?
great design, otherwise it's just a charger, nothing more, nothing less. probably comes from the same chinese factory as all the crappy looking ones. for this little money you might as well buy something that looks a little different.
great charger.  use it for my htc evo and it works perfectly.  had a previous charger but did not charge nearly as fast as this one.  highly recommend!!
you can not beat it for the price. works flawlessly in the 3 years i've owned it, would highly recommend.
works well; looks cool (bluish glow), coiled wire keeps things neat. i would recommend this to others, and would buy it again.
perfect! i have had it for more than 6 months now and it works perfectly!i will be purchasing another as a back up.
plugs into car port, charges my htc evo.  works perfectly as advertised, decent price.  there is a blue led to indicate it's plugged in, too.
even motorola is no longer the major brand in the cellphone market, their product is still worth to buy.  this charges has very pretty blue light and work very well to this day.
this charge was like 5 or 6 bucks. it was in perfect shape, and gets the job done. highly recommended!
i really love my new car charger. it isn't too bulky and when your phone is charging, the window that has the &#34;m&#34; for motorola lights up to be blue. this charger is really cool. the spiral cord is just the right length too!
it does what it's supposed to do and looks cool while doing it.
i used this product a couple of times since i got it. i didn't have any issues. it came like as seen on the product picture.
bought this for the g/f and wasn't expecting much, but it's been in regular service for over a year now. clean appearance, sturdy feel, doesn't get warm, charges quickly. glad we bought it here instead of at&t.
works well with nexus 4.  charges fine and fits the nexus 4 well.  the coil cord is so much neater than a long straight cord.
works as advertised. very well made so it seems like it will last a long time unlike the other chargers i bought previously.
does exactly what its supposed to, it charges things.  i have two of these and they work great. if i had to comment on any negatives, i would say the led in the giant motorola symbol is way to bright.
i needed and wanted this charger after seeing and using my buddy's, and i was not dissapointed at all. delivery was quick and product is amazing. i've been using it for about a year now and it charges quick and is very dependable as far as quality. great product.
i ordered this so that i could charge my kindle fire hd in the car. it works beautifully. i like that the adapter lights up when it is plugged in to the lighter socket in the car, showing that it is ready to charge my gadgets.
having tried many 1 and 2 amp chargers from scosche and been disappointed (my android used to discharge using navigation and pandora), i decided to try this.it works!!!! phone charges with everything on!
this does a great job charging, fits well, and have never had issues.  simple product that works great. i recommend it.
this power adapter is excellent. i use it for my cellphone and gps. i even bought two more as a gift for my daughter and husband. highly recommended.
this motorola charger is powerful enough to charge my droid x while my phone plays pandora and navigates using google maps. the blue lit motorola symbol also provides a nice accent.
after going through several models of different car chargers searching for one that would last more than a couple of weeks i finally found one!it does the job, its held up for a couple of months now with regular use and still gonig strong!
i bought this charger 15 months ago and it's still functioning very well, unlike many cheap chargers that i bought previously.i am really happy with the quality, and the fact that it charges pretty quick for a car charger. and the blue light adds a nice touch.
it happens to do exactly what i want it too, and charges rather quickly compared to my older phone chargers.
plugs in and stays plugged lights up and is easy to find charges fast does not tangle up no problems with it
good product. there is nothing more to say. there are similar produce, cheaper. it think they will do the same job.
received item right away and i am very satisfied with my purchase.also matches my car so that is a plus.
although i ordered the wrong charger (i needed mini usb, but that's my fault) i still found it useful for charging my phone.
this charger is great for the price! the cord is very short, but it does stretch and if you are in a car, you don't need a long cord anyways. it gets the job done and actually chargers pretty quickly. i am pleased with my purchase!  
i got what i ordered, a motorola charging cord for a 12 volt outlet. works as expected and charges a motorola droid bionic from 12 volt outlets in the car and motorhome.
works just fine right out of the box. no issues for the month and a half that i have owned it.
works as you would expect. i've had this now for better than 3 months with no problems whatsoever. fits several of my devices.
looks and works great.  works with virgin mobile lg optimus v.  nothing really else to say about a car charger.  it was packed well and i don't think i could find this for cheaper at a retail store.
its been in the car and used every day for around 3 years now, still works perfectly. good solid product
charges my samsung galaxy s2, perfectly. it even lights up to indicate it is working. can't complain about this at all.
i was having trouble finding a car charger that would actually charge my note ii until i read about this one.  it does the job.
i bought two. these are much better than the cheap knock offs that you just get in a &#34;quickie electronic mart&#34;. they have solid construction (but are still very light weight). moreover, they actually charge your phone at a consistent rate. for $5, how could you ask for more?
works perfectly! fits in well in my droidx! has a well lit end that you can see in the car. only caution is that if your phone is in case protector, then you may have trouble getting the charger all the way in depending on what kinda case you have.
this is definitely a rapid rate charger, very fast, great quality. so far it's been working great for a month now, no issues. cord is a good length too.
i received this item fast & it charges my verizon htc thunderbolt in my car for my convenience. i love it. great product for a great price.
the charger fits great. it glows blue, so it's easy to tell if it's working. it's also easy to store in the car.
this car charger works great for my samsung galaxy 3. it's a great price and i would recommend it for anyone looking for an inexpensive charger.
these work just as good as those you have to pay a premium for at the cellular stores.  i like that the &#34;blue&#34; logo shows up well when plugged in, and the cord is a good length also.  worth the money!
i was a little leery at first, but was glad i purchased this. it looks good, and works as advertised. the blue glow light looks really cool too, matches my passat interior colors. bought two so i can put one in each car.
i bought this car charger for my "smart" phone and it does exactly what it is supposed to do. it charges the phone as i am driving.
i use my charger with a htc thunderbolt and it works fine.  nicely finished and well designed.  great price!
trusted others' review and bought it to try out with the htc one, works great.excellent quality & value. definitely recommend this charger.
this charger has worked fine since we got it and was one quarter of the price we saw it in local stores.
works great in my wife's car!
i love this charger, works great. i like the fact that it lights up and i can see it when i'm night driving.
i love this thing.  i haven't had much luck with wall chargers from amazon but this charger is awesome!  charges my phone to 50% in about 3 mins.  works well when you need a quick boost or to keep your phone charged.
this works great in the car for charging my samsung galaxy 3 phone.  no problems.  the last car charger i had feel apart right away; this one is holding up.
works great! fast shipper! makes it convenient to use in my car when i am consantly on the run with my kids.
it's doing exactly what i bought it for. no complaints. it's asking for ten more words but i don't have anything more to say
if you are looking for a stretchy micro usb charger, it works. if you have two phones in the car, i would get one of the two charger cigarette lighter plugs so you can charge two at a time.
haven't had an issue with this, it works really well. the led can be quite bright, i just make sure to angle it appropriately
works great for my htc thunderbolt. i like how it lights up. i haven't had any problems whatsoever. the cord is nice and thick so i don't see it breaking l like the cheap ones i was buying from gas stations
i love this little adapter for my android phone. i love the cool blue light that lights up too. it charges my phone very efficiently. couldn't beat the price either. great product. and fast shipping as always.
great product at an awesome price. i don't know how best buy stays in business where a generic car charger costs 5 times more.
it's a perfect car charger!  cord is pretty heavy duty and never had any problems with charging anything with a micro usb!
it's tough to beat the quality/price of this charger.  it has successfully charged a variety of phones i plugged into it.  purchased three of them about 1 year ago, and all are going strong yet!
this item feels very solid, it charges my samsung galaxy s2 without any issues, perfect for when you  need that little extra juice to use your pandora/maps in the car.
i use this in a some what hidden charger port in my car. the glowing blue light lets me know there is a good connection and is a reminder that it is in use.
this is a good product. it works as described and i do not remember having any problems with it. would purchase again.
i've had this for several years.  i use it regularly several times a week.  it continues to work perfectly.  i recommend to anyone.
this my second on as i bought one for myself and then decided to get one for my wife.  they work great and for the price and free shipping it is so much more affordable than retail.  i am completely satisfied with my purchase.
great product and works well with my phone. use to charge my phones. that is all. go back to what you were doing. minimum 12 words. now i have gone over and i'm just rambling.
i've had this product for a year or so now, it's honestly perfect. it's been working great and i love that it glows up.
i've gone through several of the &#34;free&#34; car chargers they give me at verizon when my charger breaks.  this one is much more sturdy, stylish and cheap
this unit works perfectly!this unit really looks stylish!i truly have no complaints!this unit is an excellent value!.
perfect quick chare for my headset. works like a charm no hitches at all would recommend to anyone needing this kind of appliance.
love this charger. stays plugged into the socket and i know it's working because of the blue light. for the price i could not be happier.
motorola name brand of car charger at a great price. works perfectly. i like the blue &#34;m&#34; that lights up while it is plugged in.
this charger could be used for any cellphone with a micro usb port.i have used it for the past 6 months and it still works fine.i would definitely recommend this product.
the product charges my phone in the car just as promised. it is an in expensive charger that arrived quickly and does its job!
charges fast, reasonable cord length and cool illuminating blue light. it does what its supposd to do plus its a real motorola product that can charge any phone with a micro usb input.
cute device, it has a little blue lite in the handle to let you know that you have it pluged in properly.
great product. i purchased it a long time ago and it still works. keep in the car 24 7 and it keeps on ticking.
clearly a well made, quality constructed charger   which is not something you can say for every aftermarket charger. i'm using it with a samsung galaxy s3, and it works flawlessly.
the charger is a described and works like a charm. the blue glowing motorola light is a cool touch too>
works great. the spiral cord is nice. charges faster than my other chargers. it works for other brands than motorola, e.g. it works for my samsung galaxy express and my bluetooth headset (micro usb ports)
after purchasing this item from amazon, i have found that it is the perfect replacement for a high priced sprint car charger. i have the htc evo and it works great. a must have!
i showed this to my verizon rep.  he wanted one but they weren't even on their shelves yet.  when they got them they were 3x more expensive   exact same model. works great.
charges all my micro usb compatible devices without any issues. perfect for the job, build quality is good with a cool blue light when powered
i like it. it works well and the blue glowing light is an added bonus. you will always know when it's charging.
i have gone through too many car chargers to count and this is by far the best. it is well made, sturdy, and easy to plug and unplug without any fear of a part breaking. highly recommend it; i have bought 3, 1 for each car.
finally i don't have to worry about my phone dying when i'm out and about. i should have bought this a long time ago. i am very happy with the quality of this product and how quickly it shipped. i would definitely buy from this vendor again.
the charger was a steal for the price i paid. it also lights a really cool blue once plugged into the vehicle cigratte lighter. the only fault is that it really doesn't rapid charge. the product was delivered on time and the transaction was smooth.
have been using this  for 3 years now and it works great.  1st one last 3 years just bought a second one because i stepped on the connector.
looks great, works great!  charges when my phone is not in active gps  mode.  keeps the battery from draining when it is in active gps mode.  i have an htc evo which is known for fast battery drain.
what can one say about such an item, it works and that is what counts.  i have it in my car.
one of the things i love about it is that its flat and  i can close the ashtray with it plugged in.  it works great, and the blue light makes it easy to see if its working.
this charger works great for my motorola atrix 2 phone. it seems to be quality materials in the construction of the charger.
so far i have not had any issues with this charger. it fits well in my car and it charges my phone nicely.
my other chargers  seemed to draw power out! this one really charges. it has a strange look to it, but who cares.
i have 3 of these now.  they are great.  charge really fast.  high quality.  i love the blue led light.
motorola reliability, pretty blue light to know it is charging.  well priced.  so glad to get a charger again that is secure when i plug it in.
i love this charger, and the clear motorola logo glows in a pretty blue while charging, seems to charge the phone pretty fast too! thinking about buying a couple more for the other cars.
i ordered this charger so i could keep my blue tooth ear piece in the car   it was this or have a compete blue tooth system installed! this was a much cheaper solution and it works great. no problems, good value, arrived fast. all good!
my last charger did not work.  this one worked with no problems.  i like the light on the end of it that tells me that my phone is charging,
great device, works very efficient   almost cold all time (very low dissipation losses), when charges, and charges very fast! charging speed about 15 20% for 30 minutes my new droid x. i like it, very good purchase!
had to get this for the wife's car.  she likes the blue glow when it's plugged in especially at night.
very nice i love it i take it every where i go and glad i bought it keep up the good work
this is is very good car charger, much better than the last one i purchased from verizon wireless local store, (cost me $25), the wire broke, due to extreme cold temperature this winter ( 4 f)
bought two of these for a htc hd2, charges fast & cheap; what isn't to like?so far about a month of usage without any troubles.buy it.
as long as this  device fits your phone,  you want it.  nicely combines with  the colby fm  transmitter.  i've had one for years,  with no problems.  you cannot beat the price!
i'm glad i made this purchase.  it charges both my blackberry curve 8520 and droid incredible.  great product for the price.
product has worked as advertised, plus the blue light it gives off is a nice touch, and the price is right.
a good buy and much cheaper than at the cell phone store. it is very fast. the pull tab is very handy and so is the blue light.
it charges fast. at the pace of a standard wall outlet for my evo. much better than those trickle chargers.
already recommended this to a friend . easy connection and love the blue light when charging . always have this on hand to keep the moto x charged.
ordered two, for both an htc evo and a samsung transform.  delivered in a timely manner, and worked as advertised.for the price, you can't beat it (particularly in light of the fact that the sprint store charges upwards of $35 for a car charger).
we have a motorola bionic & droid 4. the charger works on both of them. i would recommend this product.
my husband just got a motorola droid 4 and i'm going to get him one for his car too! works great, and love the little blue &#34;m&#34; that lights up.
amazing charger! the moto blue light just looks amazing when driving at night, can be a little distracting but you do get used to it. good thing is it works with pretty much any thing with a micro usb. let it be any cell phones, gps or a bluetooth headset.
this is really a nice car charger, the cord is thick, and long enough for any vehicle, and it charges your phone in no time. i can have 50% battery life left, plug this thing up and in 15 20 minutes, my phone is fully charged. good buy!
i had bought this charger before and so i bought it again as a present for my mom for christmas and it's definitely worth the money and you won't regret it
this charger worked really well, was received in good time, and looked really cool lit up when charging! the cord was perfect length and great price!
i'm using this charger for my samsung galaxy s3, it charges the phone very quickly and even charges while navigation is running.  the adapter is a 1a charger instead of the common 700ma ones
the rate at which it charges your phone is the same as the rate at which your wall charger charges it. the cool blue light with the motorola symbol is just amazing.
i bought this charger from amazon for my motorola atrix 4g phone.later i figure out that motorola car dock for atrix 4g comes with charger too.after i received car dock, i decided to go with this one.it is elegant, compact and fast charging. i love it.
bought this for my new galaxy note 2, and it does exactly what it's supposed to do. easy to use, charges decently quickly, and has a cool blue light when plugged in. it's a car charger, what more can i say?
the charger works great for my samsung galaxy s phone. it charges quickly and has a decent length chord so when using gps i am not pulling it out of the socket.
good product, delivered very fast, i dont really understand the "rapid" charger part, i think that it charges as fast as my wall charger.  but nice product, i like the blue light   
this was a great purchase. i highly recommend buying this car charger. very fast shipment and it works great. it stay's in the car jack very well.
it works great and lasts long. this is the third car charger that i have bought for an android phone and it still works great.
i had a really old car charger for my phone in my car. i upgraded to this one and i'm really happy. it charges my phone a lot faster than my old one.
i wasn't sure if this charger would really charge fast. i was pleasantly surprised! i like the blue light on the charger and my cell phone charges very quickly. this would make a great gift!
came almost next day after order was place! works great! you cant beat that price. at verizon store they sell them for way more!
my puppy chewed the first two chargers i had so i opted for the inexpensive route this time. works well, does what it says at a fraction of the cost of going to verizon to purchase another.
i bought this for my moto cliq, and then bought a nexus one, and it works great for both. the blue light also matches the dash instruments beautifully in my car.
i needed an additional charge i worked fine but take 2 to 3 hour for full change on a empty battery. i like the modern blue light.
this is the best.  car. charge by. motorola. tried. several bought at tmobile and they don't last  very long.
again, i am so glad that i read the reviews because this charger works great.  shipping was fast.  the price is awesome, too.
works great. great price. just what you need. others cost way more and don't work as good. looks good too. buy this.
this charger was exactly as advertised. it works great, so i have no complaints about this charger. i am happy with my purchase.
great car charger for my samsung galaxy s. it charges it quickly and provides plenty of power. i'm very satisfied and would highly recommend this for other samsung galaxy s users.
this is a basic car charger. works as it should, no problem there at all. plus it lights up blue, which i really like. not bad deal for the money.
does what all these reviews have said. i use it on my motorola droid and it works great. charges fast and has a nice pleasing glow to it. high quality!
great charger! i've only used it once but it worked extremely well with my evo 4g. shipped promptly. quality with a very good price, highly recommended!
charges my phone while i drive. cord is long enough to let phone rest in console.
this is a great product for the price. clips right into the cigarette lighter housing with a tight fit. i do wish it has a usb port but for the price i understand why it doesn't.
i have used it with the razer back then, and i still use it with the other phone i have.
it works, stays put in lighter socket has a nifty blue light that show that its working.  and make it easy to plug in.
i love it! it works great! buying another one for my other car. very happy with the price!  very very satisfied! got it on time!
it looks great, has a long cord, and seems fairly durable. once again, i find another motorola product that meets all of my standards.
this is the first car charger i've ever purchased, so i don't have much to compare it to, but it does exactly what it's supposed to and works great!  the blue light is purdy too. >.>
i have had no complaints in using this motorola car charger. looks great. charges great. nice long cord. exceptional product.
this works fine for a charger.  the little light in the center of the ring is a little distracting, but stylish if that's important to you.it's long enough to not have to hang your phone off of it, but not crazy long either.
my wife kept on stealing my car charger, so i bought her this one for christmas.  she was one happy lady when she opened her gift.
works just as good as those bought from the wireless store, but at a much better price; and better quality than non phone manufacturers brands.
i bought this because it was dirt cheap and claimed to be a motorola original accessory   no complaints so far.  seems to charge quickly.  the weird translucent disk on it turns blue when plugged in (which is pointless), but whatever.
recieved item in a timely manner and has worked well on my razr.  charges quickly and so far no issues.  i would recommend this product to others.  it also was a great price as the verizon version can be up to $30.
works perfect with my droid x. ordered from and was shipped by amazon. no complaints.
this charger is everything i wanted it to be; it charges my phone quickly and without hassle.  the blue light is pretty, but also a little distracting at night.  heh.
this charges my motorola atrix 2 with no problems. you may save a little on the no name knock offs, but spend a little more and get the real thing. you don't have to worry about damaging your phone.
this is actually a true motorola charger, not a cheap imitation. the exact same charger that its sold in the vw store for much more.  new, sealed package. works flawlessly. arrived on time just as promised. recommend 150%.
i am very happy with this product, came in 2 days and was in perfect shape.  works well and with it being motorola i am more sure this product will work for a long time.  i am very happy with this product.
for the price it is the best car charger, it chargers any phone i have used at a very good rate. super useful when listening to music or using the navigation.
i bought one of these at around $5, and after receiving it promptly ordered two more to have in my other cars. super high quality, actual motorola equipment. very impressed, have not had any issues with any of the three i own.
this item works great, looks great, and is cheap. what more could you want? i use it with my samsung infuse and my blackberry and have absolutely no problem. it seems to charge fast as well.
for the price, and quality, this charger makes an essential addition to any car trip! very impressed with the "locking action" onto my phone dock too!
charges fast and dose not randomly disconnect like a lot of the other charger on the market do. i will be buying one for my other car.
very good car charger (see other reviews about its capability) with flat micro usb connector, good with some phone cases. good thick cable and the whole thing is nicely designed and built.
have tried others that were really crappy, but ialready had one of these and liked it a lot, so why not get another one?
i've been using this simple motorola micro usb charger for years now and it's never let me down. the wife, parents, and siblings all have the same one now. if it ever dies, i'll definitely order another. besides, it glows blue!
it works. looks pretty cool too.  i've only used it for a few days, but so far so good.~htc evo
this thing sure does charge my phone good. i suggest getting it if you want a car charger. it is
i keep one in both my and my wife's car and one in my suitcase for when i travel and rent a car. unlike many of the knock off chargers, this one actually charges your phone.
buy it. works like a charm and also i doesn't cost an arm and a leg. you won't be dissapointed
this charger was 1/6 the price of the verizon charger for the droid x, and works better! found that it truly is a "fast charger," and have had no issues with overheating. great value and works well.
its a charger. it charges things. hard to mess that up. positives: glows blue where the moto symbol is and has a long cord. tim
finally, i can charge the bluetooth in the car.  now i won't have to worry about it dying when i'm on the road!
i love how compatible it is with my &#34;samsung&#34;.i was a bit skeptical about it not fitting properly considering their both two different brands. however, it is definitely universal as described and fits perfectly with my galaxy s iii. great buy!!!
love it. love the way it illuminates blue too. great product. would recommended to any person in the market for a replacement charger.
very pleased with the product. exactly what i was looking for. good quality, and a great price ya can't go wrong.
can't beat this for the price. i've been using these chargers for the past couple of years. will continue in the future.
it's a phone charger. if it charges your phone. it's good right? okay. idk why people said they got a "knockoff". mine is motorola. and even if it was a knockoff. who cares that much about their car charger? it charges my phone. so 5 stars. and it glows. sweeeet.
i purchased this car charger as we seem to go through chargers like water. this is mainly used for my htc evo and works perfectly. it is solid, has a nice look to it and charges quickly.
i've used this every day since i recieved it fits snug and give a great, safe reliable charge.never have weak batteries again at least in the car
no problems.  works great, especially for the money, being one of the cheaper ones out there.  would recommend this product.
this is the second one i have purchased so both my wife and i have one in each vehicle.  no problems with either one.
it works great. the generic adapter that came from costco didn't connect well in a honda cigarette lighter socket, but this works fits perfectly.
i have three of these chargers.they are high quality.i have gone through several other chargers and my motorola chargers just keep working.
can't beat the price and quality on this unit.charges at a full amp, so it will charge your phone just as fast as a wall outlet unlike most other mobile chargers which only provide .5a.i've got one in every car!
for the price, it was well worth it.  it works great and looks good as well. i think you will like it.
nothing more to say, it does what it is supposed to do and, well built too. i recommend this item.
great price a great place of great place to do business with. that's it nothing else to say have a great summer
would buy again, amazing charger for great price, buy with confidence, this one actually works, not cheap chinese knockoff. yep.
it looks great and functions as exactly as it should. no regrets with this purchase. i would buy this again.
saw a charger at at&t for $30 then saw this.  get this one!  save yourself money. cool as it lights up too.  use all the time.
nothing compares for the price . if it fails ,throw it, order another . still ahead in $$$ ,compared to the pricey ones.
good price fits great and will get others for my other phones and cars would recommend this product to others
nice sturdy construction. it charges my sgs3 as quickly as the plug in home charger does. even while i'm using my phone it will gain charge quickly! i'm very happy with this purchase!
nothing special about this charger other than the nice glowing blue.  i've bought 3 of these and have had no issues with any of them.  great value.
i have purchased several of these because everyone in my house keeps taking them.  i have given a couple to friends and now have at least one in every car.  i really like the looks, the cost is great and they work very well.
i've ordered 10 of these things for my family and it's simply the best priced oem equivalent car charger out there.
purchased this product in june 2011.  the charger is a high quality oem product.  i am pleased to report that after eight months in service the charger is still performing well.  meets expectations.
product is exactly what i wanted and it looks and works just like it was discribed.  i am going to buy another one for my second car.
the best one that i have yet git it get it for the price you pay for no name brand one have to send it back
this is a quality product and the price was excellent in comparison to the sprint store.  i work at night and did not want to be without a car charger.  the epic needs to be charged sometimes twice a day.
i go through chargers like crazy or i buy the cheap gas stations ones that won't charge my phone.  this one was well worth the buy.  i have on in each vehicle.
charges awesome.this is my second one.  am able to check if charging by light on the plug.  i highly recommend.
i had originally bought two of these based upon other reviews. but one of my kids needed one for her car so this is my third purchase. works great and the price is right.
you can not beat the price!  this is a must have for someone who uses gps apps a lot while driving and eating battery life.  did i mention that you can not beat the price?
great car adapter, i like the blue lightup as well, but charges very fast on the phone and vital to charge on the go when you're in a pinch.
tough, who rks great and i have three of the now for each vehicle, simply the best one i've owned and i'm saying this after 6 months of using and abusing these, we're in a top off jeep though rainstorms and still work like a charm 
i've used a lot of very poor car chargers which were poorly made and broke quickly. this one surprised me. very well made, and the glowing motorola logo is a cool touch.
chargers have worked perfect so far. have motorola logo so i believe they are a motorola product. would buy again if needed seem as good as the $30 ones from verizon only $25 less expensive.
it's a car charger. you can't get more basic than this. it's cheap. it's got a cool blue light. it works. 'nuff said. worth the purchase price. motorola makes fine gear.
i have been using this product since i got my new phone and it works well. the chargers at the store are twice as much.
just start using it today.  works like it's supposed to.  if i run into any problems i'll post an update.  worth the buy.
works great with my htc one and my plantronics bluetooth. standard attachment for both. would highly recommend this charger to anyone with the general connection.
i love this charger.  i bought 2.  one for each car.  charges my phones very quick.  well worth the money!
got this fit my wife's car. do far it's worked great. no problems with it and it actually looks pottery cool when it's plugged in.
works great for my android phone. same color light as my car's dashboard. works well and no issues. worth the money.
i just keep buying these things.  i have at least one in every vehicle, some have more than one, and i even give them away to relatives.  charges fast, easy to see it is powered up, and pretty sturdy.  hard to go wrong with these.
product is very well built, best car charger is used, been using other chargers but trashed them after using this product.elegant design and so premium.
i needed a car charger for hubby's mifi and didn't want to pay a high price with verizon.  this works great and the price was right.
works perfectly with my htc evo! just a warning, if you are using the car charger when using gps, it will not charge the phone but it will keep it from losing any charge while gps is running. but it charges the phone great when not using gps!
does what its supposed to do reliably.  seems to have good build quality. works fine on my droid razr, no complaints here and the price was fair.
this product is amazing!  it charges my motorola razr maxx from 20% to 100% in about an hour.  this is a must have for people who are always talking and are on the go.
way cheaper than it should be, and it works as good as any car charger should. im really suprised i managed to get anything from motorola for 5 bucks.
i got this charger for my droid razr. i use it just about every day, it lasted for about a year before it stopped working. for the price, i just got another one just like it to replace it. the blue light looks pretty cool too.
this is my second motorola vehicle power adapter i purchased because i loved the first so well. i really like the blue power light that illuminates while you are charging. motorola is still going strong, thanks!.
this is a great charger.  i've had it in my car for months and it charges quickly with no hassle.  i plug it into my console and it gets my phone filled up in what seems like 20 30 mins on my way into work.
it works better that expected! so easy to use and charges very quickly! thank you and keep up the good work!
i bought this car charger for my motorola droid x, but it still works with my gs3 and my brother's samsung also.  so i'm definitely getting my money's worth.
i was pleased with the quick delivery of the item and it woks great with no problems found.  i will probably be purchasing more to have in other vehicles instead of having to keep moving this one around.
it does what its supposed to do. what more could a person ask for? it also charges more quickly than other car chargers. i would definitely recommend it.
most of the car chargers i've used have been cheaply made.  this motorola unit is well made, good looking and charges my phone is a flash. it was worth the few extra dollars it cost.
we have 3 cars and have one of these in each one.  bought my first one 2 years ago and to this day no problems.
is fancy to looks and efficient to use. is of good quality and gives a steady charging. multiple of my friends bought this after seeing this. would strongly recommend this. give no second thoughts.
i mainly love the price. it works well and i was in desperate need of one so when it arrived before the estimated arrival date i was thrilled. i just purchased a second one for my husband. good stuff!
this is a great product. i have several car chrgers and this one is my favorite. especially the blue glow around the motorola emblem. ok, i am weird, but blue lights on anything make me happy.
my husband and i both have the original droid phones and needed a new car charger. this one had the best price and works perfectly! i really like the sleek look of the product. i would highly recommend buying instead of paying triple the price from verizon.
i got my new htc evo and was looking for a car charger. this one fits perfectly and charges the phone pretty quick.
i have now bought 5 of these and they all work great. bought the first two about two years ago.
it's a great charger for the price. the usb that came with my droid x is a little loose on it, but this fits great. has definitely saved my phone a few times since it does charge relatively quickly.
unit camea as promised, worked perfectly. has a nice blue glow when charging phone. great price for a great product.  definately recommend.
good charger   do what it supposed to do.  car charger/ charger per se dont last forever anyway because of wear and tear so this is a good price to have one in each vehicle.
how can you miss with motorola, thats why we ordered two. one for my car and one for his car.
it does charge my cell phone (t mobile samsung galaxy s2) pretty fast!i just wanted to have a charge in the car and it is very handy
this charger works perfectly for my htc evo.  it's aesthetically pleasing.  and, best of all, it was dirt cheap.  perfect.  buy it.
a cheap car phone charger that works really well.good build, the blue light makes it look really cool in the dark
works fine, it's your standard oem motorola charger.  bought it for an android, and blackberry and it works for both .  that clear circle on the tip with the m logo is clear, and lights up totally blue when plugged in, which i find very cool!
i've purchased many (many) chargers over the years.  most work, some don't.  motorola always works.  plus i trust it to deliver the right type of power to my devices.
ir works great, it looks neat, just perfect. one reviewer didn't like the blue light that turns on when the device is in use   i actually think it looks great.
our family has been using this charger for last 2 yrs and we had no complaints. it is durable, it is nice looking and functional!my recommendation!
this rapid charger worked great on my droid x. it is of good quality at a price that can't be beat.
those things sometimes dont fit/ connect properly with your phone and more importantly they dont provide a lot of power to charge your phone. just buy this and you'll be set for years. and i love the glowing blue moto logo. it's cute.
after going through several car charger i got this one on a recommendation from a post on xda.  this is the best charger i've had and plan to get a second one soon.
works perfect for the evo and the samsung epic 4g, i got the epic my brother got the evo its works on both like it suppost to love it bought 5 1 for each car great deal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love the blue light in the center of the charger because it directs me as to where to plug up the charger at night.  a good must have product.
works great charges my atrix as fast as the oem wall adapter even with screen and gps on just make sure you get the genuine motorola one.  look for the hologram sticker or buy it directly from amazon.
these are a great product at a fraction of the cost of buying from a retail store front.
bought two of these and they are exactly the same as one i purchased at my local phone store for 3x as much.  live and learn  
i bought two of these. great price.good quality. can have one in each car. never have to worry about moving charger from car to car now.
i am very satisfied with the cost, quality, and timely delivery of this product. i like to have one in each vehicle and can afford it at this price.
works wonderful, perfect fit. made just for my phone.  got two, one for myself and one for my son.  great price.
love this little guy works great and especially worth it over the ones from the verizon store gets the job done
does the job at a great price
worked perfectly and fast on my droid x.  the version i had from verizon cost three times as much and didn't give me more than a 30% charge increase on a two hour drive.  this gave me 70% in about an hour and a half.
quick shipping. works perfectly. love having authentic motorola equipment. we have five of these chargers. one in every car. highly recommend this charger.
the charger that game with the galaxy exhibit is pretty much garbage.  this does a great job and has lasted a long time.
i keep this in my car to charge my htc thunderbolt (power hog) when i'm driving. i'm willing to pay a lot more than what i paid for it (economists call this consumer surplus).
you really can't beat the price.  it works well, looks good, and its cheap enough to not worry about it.  just buy it and you won't be disappointed.
works great, and the soft blue light is really cooool too.but it   well worth the money.thanks and hope this helps.
i've tried many of these cheaper chargers, and most cant keep up if you are actually using the phone while plugged in. this one performs just as well as my oem charger for my galaxy s3
i have never seen a cheaper charger!  works great   i use it in my car to charge my droid incredible.  sometimes the blue light flickers off, which is fine because it appears to still be charging the phone.  love this product.  highly recommended!
i've had bad experiences with those $0.01 listings, so i decided to spend a little bit extra, and i do not regret doing so.  this product works well for the use required.
i've been using this for more than a year now and it is reliable and effective. i happen to like little things like the blue light on this that tells me it is working.
i love this charger.  it works great with an awesome price.  at first i accidently ordered the wrong charger from the same company.  they gave me a refund and quickly sent me the right one.  great customer service.
this charger has the correct current rating for most android devices (1 amp). great buy, prevents overcharging, and preserves the battery.
product arrived before estimated dates, in perfect, new condition and works exactly as advertised and as i needed.  this charger is great and i highly recommend this seller!
it has a nice blue light, it is charging fast, the cord is long enough for the back seat passengers. good product.
i needed a new charger and had one like this previously. i ordered this one and it is just like my original, no problems at all.
another great product from motorola!!! and thanks to amazon another big money savings compared to the local verizon store. will be buying another for the wife's car soon.p.s. love the blue light telling you when it's powered on!
it works well.  however the mini usb plug is slightly loose on my gs3.  can't deduct a star for that though, since this was designed for a motorola.voltage/amps are right for my phone, and it works well.
this is a great product for the price and it works well   i've ordered three for all the cars i'm in so i always have one!  and since it's universal micro usb, anyone with that hardware can use it.
good quality charger. it is made from a brittle plastic that breaks easily. it charges phone quickly. the center motorola symbol glows blue so you know when you have it powered up. i have one in every car (3) i own and my truck.
best car charger i have ever owned.  no matter what phone you own, if the connector fits, use this charger.
fits my lg marquee phone perfectly, charges quickly. the blue light is nice, not too bright, and adds cool blue glow.
much low cost consumer electronics is throw away junk.  this thing is the real deal. it has the motorola brand name printed on the side, and it actually charges the phone.
this cord is longer and and better quality than the one that came with my samsung g3. highly recommend this charger.
the futuristic blue light looks great in car and this quickly charges my phone on my commute to and from work would recommend.
great rating i gave for product very flexable. i use regular and product stands up to wear and tear. recommend motorola product to my family.
this product surpass my expectations. i had it for 6 months now and no complains about it. the light blue helps me to determine if the product is plug in or not. it holds nice to the cell and i use it for charge my tablet and my phone.
i really like the light when its plugged in, it makes it nearly full proof for older eyes. i would recommend it to all of our beloved seniors for ease of use. the light is big and very visible.
product is as described. this charger is able to charge my phone even while using the gps function. when not using the gps, it rapidly charges the phone almost as quickly as the wall charger. highly recommended.
this charger has a little different plug design than most others, but i love it. it's lighted, which makes it easy to know when you've got it connected properly, and the larger design makes it much easier to handle. the cord length is also very good.
feels sturdy, works well, cable is plenty long enoug, charges my phone pretty quick, and i got it at an excellent price.
all i  ask is that you plug it in and it charges phones, tablets, etc.it does.the light that shows it is working is a nice touch.
works great, great price.charges sii quickly, does not lead to overheating. i looked at several *slightly* cheaper options on amazon that had iffy reviews, and one pointed me to the motorola charger.  very glad i followed that reviewer's advice!
not much to say. works perfect.cheap. has a bright blue light while in use at night that might bother someone. light is fine and even looks cool to me.
i'll never buy chargers from verizon again. this is a great car charger and and is a fraction of the price of other i've seen.
great charger.  it charges my phone fast.  even charges while i'm running gps, and other battery heavy apps while charging.  glad this one was recommended to me.
the power adapter works the way it's suppose to. plug it in, and it recharges the cell phone in about 2 hours time. fast. simple. problem free.
it worked. but my new nexus 5 ran out of power with it when i am driving using waze. maybe its charging speed need to be optimized for large screen smartphone.
love the very visible blue light that comes on when it's plugged in and this thing does exactly what it's supposed to do   charges my cell phone. seems to be better constructed that some of the really cheapie chargers out there.
the only car charger i've found (i've previously purchased 4 others) that will actually charge my htc while using it!
great product, i don't write reviews until owning a product over six months.  this charger is excellent and does the job as it stated
charges my phone quickly. works with my google nexus 4. no issues so far. cant beat the price. would recommend.
i recently bought another charger for my samsung galaxy phone and it only last a few weeks then it broke this charger seems a whole lot more durable and resistance 2 the stress of being a car charger. highly recommended
i love this charger. i use it in the car while i'm on navigation and always keeps my phone at 100%. if it was not fully charged when i started, the battery level will go up while the phone is in use. great product!
it's cheap and useful. it's difficult to get oem at this price. it doesn't matter you have a motorola phone or not.
this thing is a beauty and actually works well.  my phone actually recharges while i'm talking.  the other cheaper ones i've used still die if i'm actually using the phone.  plus the blue light makes it look like some futuristic shismism.
i love the blue light it gives off.  it helps me see at night better.  charges my phone really easily.  thankful.
i haven't noticed the claims that it is a faster charger than other chargers. but it works for my blackberry bold 9930, charging it in about 4 hours.
this charger does what it is supposed to do.  it charges my samsung s2 very quickly.  i have not had any problems with it.
this is a solid product and nicely built. i like the blue light illuminating the moto logo. very cool. reasonable price also
great item, super great price!  arrived in a timely manner, easy to use.  i always forget to charge my phone at home, so it helps to have an easy way to charge my phone while i'm driving.
works as expected. great purchase. the glowing m is a nice touch. (i don't know what else to say. i am required to write more)
no problems. it charges my motorola droid without any problems. i would buy again. &#34;six more words required.&#34; it's fine.
this is an awsome charger!  great price and works perfectly especially since my family is always in the car.  a great buy!
shipping on this was a little slow, but other than that to get a motorola car charger for under $6 bucks is a steal to me.  considering how much they want online and in stores.  works great, haven't have any problems with this at all.
very good product especially for its price! looks real nice and charges real fast, i'd defiantly but from you again
i received the motorola charger and it works as expected, it charges my phone.  i like the blue led, illuminates the vehicle good.
simple oem charger on the cheap.has worked great for a few months that i have had it.charges my galaxy nexus and fiance's motorola razr.
i have a samsung galaxy s3 and this charges it very fast.  i use these at work all the time and they hold uo
i received a legit charger with hollow gram and quality connections. no issues charging. will report back if it develops issues.
this works great and at this price i just couldn't say no. i use this for my blackberry and palm pre and it works great. i told my brother to get one for his droid x and he loves it as well.
great product great price, works great, i have several of these charges, not a cheap generic.  very happy with this purchase dont pay verizon prices.
this mobile charger is very good. it charges my phone almost as quickly as a regular charger. i recommend it.
i use this for my samsung galaxy s3. it charges the phone very quickly.i like how it lights up blue when its plugged into my car correctly. the chord is quite long, which is a nice bonus.peace in the middle east.
i don't really use this charger that often but when i have, it seems like the great product i thought it was when i ordered it.
wish i had bought these years ago.  never could find a good car charger but when i got this i got 2 of them.  work well and charge quick
i give this five stars because this product charges my phone and doesn't give me any problems. also, i really like the cool blue light it emits when plugged in.
this is a must get, i like the cool blue glow and it works just fine with my cell, galaxy.
i really like that it lights up, it looks cool and makes it easy to see in the dark! what more could i ask?!
tested this a few days ago.  began a short trip with navigation enabled on my incredible.  the battery was at 80% charge at the start of my trip and after a short 20 minute drive the battery was up to 95% all the while having the gps running.
although it is a generic product, it works perfectly as an original one. besides, no one can argue with its price.
although this is not an official apple product, it worked fine on my ipod nano (fifth generation/video camera) 8 gb, model a1320.  i would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a charging cable at a great price.
awesome price for great item! very convenient to have one stay at home and have one to take to work. this item was cheap enough to purchase more than one.
because phones don't have replaceable batteries anymore its necessary to have extra cables at work, home, the car, in your bag, everywhere!  imagine spending 30 bucks a pop for each of those. no thank you. for just a few bucks i'm always juiced.
bought this item for my iphone 4s.works very good, so i bought another onefor reserve and one for my daughteralso. i recommend this to all.
cable charges & syncs with itunes perfectly. fit & finish look good too. i bought it from the seller globalwireless in case anyone wants to compare or be sure they're getting a well built cable.
charges my iphone 4s overnight (usually takes ~1.5 hours to fully charge), and it cost me a fraction of the price! i recommend it!
cheap but descent product. now i have two cable, one is at home and another one in office. i don't need to bring the cable in my bag everyday!it is really worth this price.
different amazon sellers have different cables, go with importer520 for the best cables.his cables are very strong and are usb 2.0
do yourself a favor and spend the little extra money to go with cellular5star.  i can't say what the quality of the other sellers cables are but c5s cables have so far held up very well.
exactly as listed, came in a reasonable time frame. they clearly stated when it would ship and it arrived within. i have used it as a back up and it works great. excellent product, excellent shipper.
excellent productreally it's same original & the product same seller description , i recommended this product as one of alias apple syn cable .
excellent, thanks!
fast easy and a reliable american vendor located in china. products were in great brand new condition! i approve!  
fast ~ received this today!!  plugged in and charged wonderful . . . very happy with this purchase!  should have gotten a couple more for this price!!  don't hesitate   works excellent!!
find the cellular 5 star product   it's way down, and buy it.  it was about $6, but is of equal quality to that of the original apple cable.  dimensions, appearance and visible quality are indistinguishable.  apple wants $18 for the same cable.
good conditions
good quality product. does the job and worked fine for me. i would order this product again. the price was right.
good value.  does what its advertised to do.  i'd buy it again.  have been using the cable for a couple years now with no problems.
great charger still work for like almost a 1year
great price, awesome product!!  fits and works like a champ.  no complaints.  and i have a phone cover with a small opening for the phone connector end, making many 3rd party cables difficult to fit on my phone. not this one, slides in perfectly.  love it.
great product and fast shipping. not much difference between this cable and the oem cable that came with my iphone. you really have to scrutinize it to find a difference, and it fit my otter box. be sure to buy from cellular 5 star.
great product.  i order two and go them in record time.  i will definitely order more from them.  thanks for prompt service.
haven't received the items as of yet so i can't review it as of 1/2/12. you ought to check it people received there order before asking for a review
have yet to experience a problem with this product.  very pleased with the purchase, the extra cords offer additional charging ports at home, office and b/f house.
i am happy with my purchase, the usb cord is durable and works well with my iphone cube adapter. the price was great and i plan to purchase a couple of more for backups.
i am happy with this product. it arrived earlier than expected and the build quality is great. it is the original item you'd buy from the apple store except the packaging. thank you for your assistance to the consumers!!
i am very pleased with this purchase. works just like the one i purchased from the at&t store. i purchase 8 because the price was amazing! i even used two as stocking stuffers for christmas  
i bought it as a backup in my office. its cheap, and it works just fine as the original one.
i bought this cable just as a spare. it seems to work just fine although the order took an awfully long time to arrive. the data transfer and charging are taking place just like on the original.
i bought this for a family member for his ipod.  it works very well, and does what he wants it to do.  i recommend this product.
i bought this product few days ago and this works and looks exactly like the original one. i loved this product its a good value for money and i will order for more.
i bought this so i could charge my iphone 3gs at work. everything is fine for now. the rubber/plastic of the cable is a little stiffer than a real cable but that's the only difference i've found. can't go wrong with this price.
i bought three for my friends. the cables look good and my friends were happy about them. i am glad that i chose this
i can't say that i'm disappointed. item is exactly like an oem cord from apple but costs so much less. time will tell if this item is as durable as the one i have from apple but as far as looks are concerned, i cannot tell them apart.
i don't know how anybody can make a cable like this under a buck.  it looks like good quality.  it's working.  delivered on time.  all under a dollar.
i found a duracell iphone car charger that needed the charging cable and so i ordered this. it's cheap and does the job.
i got this cable and was surprised that it looked genuine, iphone was charging fine with this cable.  looking at some of the negative reviews i was a bit hesitant to go for it, but it all turned our fine.
i got this usb at an amazing deal! so happy with my purchase! my only regret is that i didn't buy more (only bought 1).
i liked the usb connector.  however, you need to keep the connector upright and press on both sides of the connector to disconnect.  otherwise, the usb sync works properly to recharge your ipod, ipad, or itouch.
i'm currently deployed and broke 2 of my iphone usb cables. i ordered 3 just in case 1 or 2 were doa. all 3 work fine and came in 2wks early. much appreciated from afghanistan
importer520 iphone usb cables are great    fit the iphone4 with bumper case.  can't tell if they are made by apple or not but they are good quality either way.
inexpensive, and work to charge or sync.  they look and feel like genuine apple cords.  i bought two sets for myself and family/friends.  no reason not to order.  buy 'em up!
i ordered 3 usb iphone compatible cords so i could have one at every location i spend time at. the cords were sent quickly and were packaged well. no complaints and i would definitely order from this vendor again.
i ordered a couple extra cables and they seemed to be good quality and price.  plus i received them quickly.
i ordered a couple of these cables.  these guys did a great job getting them to me quickly, and the price was certainly right!!!  they look and work like the original equipment.  i'm ordering more stuff from them right now!!
i ordered three of those cables. one of them broke on the first day. the other two work fine so far. contacted the seller for replacement, the seller did not replace, but refund me full price.great customer service, fair quality, but risk free!
i picked up five of these for under a buck each.  work great with wall charger and straight to computer with my iphone and touches.
i purchased one of these for my ipod nano 1g. i figured that even if it did not work, under 1$ was worth the risk. i am very pleased that it ended up working. i have been using it for about 8 months with no problems.
i put a 1/5 before because i thought the charger did not work but it was not the productr but it was the ipod itself sorry i left that review before the products ( ibought two chargerss ) both work great 5/5
i really like for such cheap price but works great. i thought with that price it might be of low quality, but i am very satisfied by this product.
item arrived as it was described.  very good buy for the price.  no complaints.  would recommend this to anyone in need of an additional cable.
item as described.  an amazing bargain for an awesome price.  the quality of the item is great too.  i highly recommend this seller!
item is as described and works well. don't understand why it took so long to ship, but item was priced excellently, so i'll over look that.
it's a usb cable. it does it's job very well. for a fraction of the price. what more could you ask for?
it took a bit to get here, but in the end it was well worth it. good item for the price.
it works wery good .the shell came off but i put some crazy glue and guess what its working very good i abuse it alot as in by throwing it everywhere
i've had this charger for a month and it hasn't broke yet! i have a ipod touch 4g and 2g and there able to be charged with this wire. also i think this is a really durable charger
just a quick remark about how pleased i am with item44less 6' iphone cable w tabs. i have tried various others which did not work or failed quickly. this supplier is professional n has a great product.
liked it and value for money. it took sometime to deliver, but that's okie. will recommend to my friends. paid only $0.65 per cable
most generic cables do not fit my otter box case but this one does! tight fit but it works =)
my family is always breaking, wearing out, or losing the cords to charge our iphones. these cords are long and having a few extra around will be great!!
my old charging cord stopped working and this was cheap, arrived on time, and worked. i'm happy with the service and product.
my old ipod charger broke, this was a perfect replacement.  and the price isn't bad either.  i'd definitely recommend this to someone who needs an i pod charger.
my orginal cable is pulling apart on both ends. i bought multiple of these cables in case they weren't up to the quality level. however, they are great quality. highly recommend them.
my son goes through these things like crazy so i was very pleased to find such a reasonably priced one.  its amazing how long these things lasts when one doesn't pull it out by the cord!!  great value.
nice!
not identical in appearance to the picture, it's slightly different. it works exactly the same though. i bought 3 and i'm very satisfied!
product came in the mail in just a few days, i was surprised by that. there was no damage to cord, i'm a satisfied customer!!!!
product was in good quality when i received it.  i use it to charge the ipad and it works just fine.  i have it for over 6 months now and still working
purchased this may 2012 and it still works great in late 2013! great buy, great price, no problems with it yet.
really good price, especially considering what they would charge you at the apple store. they aren't the most durable cords in the world, but they work for months to years depending on how well you take care of them, as with most things.
received cable before estmated delevery date. very good cable. works fine. no problems. like the size of the cable. just very good
shipped product very quickly. packing was very well handled. product in great condition and cheap price. overall i am very happy!!
so cheap, buy 5 and feel ok about losing one or twoi have one in my car, one at work, a couple on my messy deskgood quality for the price
standard ipod usb chord for a fraction of the cost.less than a dollar for the chord and shipping!shipping was efficient and the product works just as well as it would if it were from the mac store.
super, works great, awesome cable, nice and long, i love it, use it for my itouch from apple, super duper
thank you for these wonderful cables. they are great! they fit the ipod, ipad and iphone perfectly.  no problems what so ever.
the av cables are brand new excellent quality, glad i bought them, the cables sid take a while to get to my house but it was detriment worth the wait
the cable looks almost original and is durable.works perfectly for me. nice product for little money
the cable was shipped in on time and works well. i am completely satisfied! great product guys! note: the cable is a bit different than the original apple usb cord but it really doesn't matter. the fact is that it works just as well.
the charger works great. i am loving how cheap it was and it arrived before i expected it to! thanks.
the cord works very well, a very good replacement for the apple cord without paying the apple mark up. works on my sister's ipod touch 2g and my 3g. syncs music and charges the ipods perfectly. fantastic buy, especially considering the price.
the item was delivered promptly and was top quality, i purchased them for my staff and i am very happy.
the platinum is shiny, the usb has lots of pins.such data.  much iphonewow.  very cable
the price was good. very cheap. and they work. so what more could i ask for?why pay apple's overprice price for some wire that is cheap to make?thanks.
these work perfectly.  just like the oem, and you couldn't ask for a better price!  well worth the money spent.  read several reviews and was very happy with what i received. can't tell the difference from the original cable.
they look like the real apple cables, work like they should, and are very useful to have.and that's all i have to say.about that.
theyre super cheap, they work perfect. got 5 of them for $3.30 so i cant complain about anything, all of them work.
this cable works fine to charge my iphone.  glad to find an inexpensive option since i wanted several so i didn't have to move my charging cables from location to location.
this cable works great and a lot more affordable than the apple branded version. it's just a cable anyway, carrying digital signals so it doesn't really matter about the brand. highly recommend it.
this cord for the iphone/ ipad is just like the one that came with the phone, very inexpensive. with free shipping, a ver good thing.
this cord works as well as the oem product  same quality, appearance, durability  but at a fraction of the price.  great experience with seller.  highly recommended.
this is a great cable shipped fast for basically free!  wow what a steal!  amazon rocks!!!  received within 3 days of ordering : )
this is a great duplicate of an apple item.  perhaps it is.same type of rubber wire and same quality as oem.
this is a very, very good genuine oem apple knockoff. works great and i will buy several more to keep around.[.]
this item arrived fast, and it is exactly what i needed. it is just like the one that came with the iphone.
this item was just as promised. not damaged, and definitely a must for anyone with an iphone. it did not come with the jack for the electrical outlet, but that's fine, i already had one.
this product works   it charges my iphone and it connects and syncs my iphone to my computer for itunes transfer. i also tried it with my zagg portable charger and it works great. go for it if you need a spare charger/connector cable!
this staff is greati like ithope you can get same staff and have fan with ithappy new year
this sync cable is just what i needed.  now i can charge my i phone at work through my computer without having to worry about forgetting my cable for use at home use with charger
this sync cables get the job done and they are so cheap even if they dint i couldn't really complain about it. the seller is top notch, fast delivery and free shipping.
this usb cable actually allows me to charge my ipod with the car adapter. something my original cable would not do. i got it from betterstuff lowerprice. it looks like they have the good stock.
this worked great! i got it for .77 shipped free! i love amazon deals! i use it as an extra charger in the laptop for the kiddos ipod touch's! even has a nice feel to the cable, smooth like the original one that came w/ipod.
this works great, i only have an iphone, but my daughter has an ipod touch and it works great for both of ours.
took about a month to receive the package, but i didnt care since it was cheap.  works as expected and would buy more if i needed more.
took awhile to receive my items, but once they got here and i started using them, they are just like the cords you get with the iphone! wonderful price, i bought several of these!
very good price and works great so far.  delivery was longer than past experience with amazon orders. better option than from local stores.
was very satisfied with product. exactly like my iphone usb cable. did take over a week longer to receive than promised however, this was over the christmas holidays so we have to be forgiving with that.
well what can i say except that you can never have to many charging cords for your iphone. i love it.
what more can i say   cords for my iphone at a cheap price with free shipping.  they work   better than shopping at b. b.!
while this is not an official 'apple' product, it also costs significantly less.  it works fine, appears to be of good quality, so for the price i couldn't be happier.
who would of thought this is so cheap and it works so good. my coworkers also bought some. love it. works perfect.
worked, good quality even compare with the original cable ,cannot believe the price i bought for what i get
work perfectly! slow shipping but for the price i'm not complaining.worksd with otter box case just fine on 4 & 4s iphones
works as advertised
works as good as advertised.
works exactly the same as the $20.00 one from apple. have had no problems with this product and would definitly buy again. a+++
works great, good quality., looks exactly my real one from apple that i got with my phone when i got the phone. really happy
works great, looks great no problems. i have a apple cable eating monster at my house.  these should keep him feed for a while.
works great!
works just as good as the original charger that came with my iphone! can't even tell the difference between this one and my original one!!!
works well and the only price i could have asked for that would have been better would be getting it for free! am enjoying using it to charge my ipod nano that my daughter gave me! i'm thrilled with the price!
a great price and pretty good product. why would anyone shop retail for this item? stock up now because sooner or later you will need them. my dog loves to chew mine so i buy them by the dozen.btw. does anyone want a little rat dog?
and fast shipping! have only had product for a few days, but its exactly like my original that finally broke on me.  5 stars from me  will update if this changes!  thanks!
can't beat the price.  i've purchased two of these and haven't had any problems so far.  works fine. no problems charging, syncing or using with cases.
don't have much to say.if you're looking through reviews trying to find out which seller has legitimate parts (like i was), look no further. a1 accessories has the real oem sync cable. period. i only paid a little more than $6 for it. awesome.
great for what exactly its need for. durable and last. not expensive and i got it quickly which was great.
i bought this as an extra to keep at my desk at work.  this is exactly like the apple ones and does everything you need it to. great price.
i keep buying these cords!! the original iphone broke on the cord connecting to the phone. at least these are affordable!! i bought several.
i love this product. it works just as great apple store products and at a fraction of the cost! love it
i love to have extras cause either they get a shortage in the cord or i leave it at work. so i keep one extra in case of whatever. cost is great also
i must be hard on my cords because i now have 3 that are starting to break. great price to replace them.
it charges my iphone as advertised. good replacement cord, compatible with all the stuff i have like the wall plug in, etc.
it is an apple brand charger and works well. do not expect to recieve a wall plug with it like some of these other reviewers. but it works and thats all you really need.
it is ok. the quality is ok since you are buying the cheap charger.  it works with no problem. and
its cheap and quick. what more is there to say? if it eventually ends up breaking (which it will) you can't really be mad for that price.
i use this at work to charge my ipod. works great, would sync as well if i had itunes loaded. recognized my comp right away.
i was hoping that the usb would be compatible with my phone because one that i have is not and the other one it came with had circuit shortage. it also look like a new product and i had it within a week  
just ur regular cable can't complain. why do i gotta keep typing it just a cable gosh amazon!!!! much worth it
no complaints here. i'm always wearing these out. buy some spares at this price for a rainy day. no more frantic trips to replace a failing charge cord which goes at just the wrong moment.
once it arrived.i had the exact item i had ordered and was able to complete my downloading of cds for vacation.
such a great product. second time ive bought this same one and it works wonderful. i would recommend this.  
thank you, i was really impressed when i saw the cables.i didn't know they were actually an apple made cable,this is great
they work very good and are very long. for the price of them, i ordered four and i am very happy.
this delton  preminger iphone data sync cable works just fine. i would recommend this item.  i would purchased this item again
this is a direct replacement for the apple version of this.  no need to pay the high cost of the apple version.  have had it for 2 weeks and no issues.
this was an excellent price and the cables and the cables were great.  i find that you can't have too many charging cables around.
very good product one hundred percent satisfied arrived very slow works great would recommend to everyone running out of things to say
very goodv very good very good very good very good v very good ha ha ha ha h ah aah
very low price, works just as described. why pay a higher price when you can get it here for super low?!?! love it!! i bought a couple of them.
works perfect, i love it even more because i can keep one in the house and the other in the car
yeah it pops, like pops off! pop this baby in the wall and that sucker iphone of yours will be juiced up in no time!!
you can't be the price and the product works just as described!  i used it with the usb charger i found on amazon.com.  thanks!
prosthe screen protectors was well worth the dollarit comes in a pack of three and comes with a cloth to clean itconstoo much air bubbles but not really the screen protectors faultover all the screen protectors were amazing
i love how they cover your ears totally. they have such a good fit that the sound was great. they have a great price and really hold up.good brand
this cable is amazing!  it has two ends and wire in between. wow!  i'm so grateful that amazon granted me the honor of being able to write a review for it.
this is great :d just like the cord that came with my ipod, i am going to buy another hopefully it works out well again, i've seen some reviews that say they didn't have much luck when they ordered more than one.
i am satisfied with the my order and the price was amazing.the time it took for the charger to come was longer than expected but worth it.
this cable is great and for the price, wow , i plan to get another one for a spare what a deal
just what i wanted. great product.
works great charges and connects with itunes. length is just about the same as oem cant really tell the difference from oem and this one. ordering two more! great for the price!
this was a cheap product. i needed a usb to get music on my ipod. this was a cheap item and it shipped super fast
i was cautious that it wouldn't work with my macbook and iphone, but it did and i couldn't be happier with it!
exactly as mentioned and works perfectly. best thing is the cost! product works just like the original to charge or to transfer data.
best regardsusb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone (white)generichow do you rate this product?i love it
just like the original apple charger. for the price that you pay, it's a great deal for anyone out there.
i did get 2 and my sister lost hers, was good to be able to give her one.  will have to order more to just have.  the cost was veryreasonable.
the charging cable looks exactly like one from apple.it is a great product and i have had no problems with it.i highly recommend this item.
it took a long time but it was worth the wait. they gave me two usb cords for the price of 1 thank you so much!
simple 30 pin cable. cheap. does exactly what i needed it to.  i have this paired with a dock and it works excellent.
i got ipod charger! cheap and it works!!! don't buy it from apple it is a waste of money! hurry and buy it
i am always amazed at how inexpensive these are, yet the quality is great. keep it up. thank you very much.
it works pretty great only thing is that sometimes it wouldn't sync information and it looked a kind of cheap the wire but this perfect for the price and highly  recommended
great item i can finally charge my iphone because i couldnt use my phone a lot since i didnt have a charger. also it arrived earlier than i expected. everyone should buy from this seller
these cables are great, when match up with the cable that came with the my iphone, they look almost exactly alike. they charge and sync the iphone just fine. they were super inexpensive, but great quality.
meeted expectations. simple to use and cord a bit short. not much else to say about it, it's an simple produce. took a good while to ship tho
i needed a new cord fast because both mine and my sister's cord had gotten chewed up. when i saw the price, i jumped at the chance. the package came extremely fast and the cord works like a charm.
i enjoy this item very much. it has helped a lot with keeping my phone alive. i appreciate it being sent to me.
the product arrived like the client said and the price was fantastici would recommend to anyone with an apple product.
this what i was neededing when trying to find a good deal on these cords. recommened them to friends and family.
not sure if they are genuine or not, but for less than $1 who cares.  they work just fine and they look just like the original.bought three so now i don't have to go frantically searching around when i want to sync my phone.
took forever to receive but well worth it. paid $.59 for two iphone cables and they work perfectly! great buy friends.
old one was wearing out, didnt look clean, figured i would purchase a new one, and works great. using it primarily to charge my products in my car.
it was an excelent bought. its an excelent product, extremely cheap and works as it should do. you should buy it, really.
this product is nice, 2 apple iphone chargers for the price of one. the first charger works perfectly fine. the second one takes a while longer to plug in. overall it works well and chargers my iphone.
received this item very fast and so far i have not found anything wrong with it. it charges both my ipad and ipod. no complains and for the price i cannot even complain. very satisfied with my purchase.
cheap iphone charger. it does what it says. i haven't had any problems. if you want an extra charger for your car, work, or anywhere else, this is a good (and cheap) way to go.
these are not the real thing (apple sells their for $25) but they work great! my only advice is to be careful using them because they will probably break over time.
works great! no complaints on my end at all. thank you and come again. boo yeah. i need to feel some space so i can hit submit.
i haven't tried to sync with it yet, but as far as recharging goes it works perfectly. would recommend if you just need an extra charger around.
i loves the cables themselves. theyre soo good. and thanks for the extra one! i really appreciate it! love it. i'll be sure to order more tonight!
if you hate tangled cords, this will solve your problem. they look cool, feel good and do not wrap around its self.
this usb actually worked fine for me. i am still using it to charge my phone. i think that some people just happen to get a bad product, but this was a great product & worth the $$.
i sincerely wish they didn't require so many words in here, but the cords are great. not truly apple, but they get the job done and that's all that matters to me in this case.
works fine, does its job just like it said it would. extra long as well which is a plus  
the cables appear to be just as good as the more expensive ones from apple.  a very good value.  i bought 4 of them.
the cable charged my phone. we are very hard on cables and i think we used this one for a few months before losing it, so i would definitely recommend.
very good product, i can not tell the difference between the real apple product and this one. i definetely recomend it to omeone that needs an extra usb cord, and it cost close to nothing.
great price, fast shipping, and works great! i was skeptical after reading other reviews, but you can't tell the difference between this one and the original.
its ok i dont really notice a difference but i just hope it works better with it lol great right on
exactly as listed and great for the price! i love the free shipping and it arrived right on time. i have had this for a few months now and no problems at all.
bought this for my husband's office. it's great that it works even though it's not an apple product. i've found that sometimes off brands don't play well with apple. this is not the case with this cord.
for the price works well & it's fits my iphone perfectly! i've used it for a couple of werks now with no issues. but even if it didn't last long i wouldn't be too upset given how much i spent. i would just order another one.
i received my product after 1 week i placed the order. it it looks new and the condition is good. also, the customer service is efficient. great product!
when even local stores want big money for these it is nice to find a quality lower cost solution. since apple has stopped giving one with new ipods  i hate paying big money for a required accessory.
brought this just to have a few extras lying around and these are much cheaper then in the stores and they work just as good. i have not had any of these break or die on me. worth the buy.
cheap fine, does what it's supposed to. i like having convenience of a charger upstairs, downstairs, at work and in the car.
cord is a little less flexible than a apple oem cable but isn't a problem. connection is snug and works great in my car's usb port.
have used this product several times and have had no problems.  i used it extensively during a recent weeklong trip to the east coast.  i would use this seller again.
i had some concerns given the sales price, but the cable works just as well as the original apple one. my ipod has not noticed the difference. the cable even charges with the usb to wall outlet adapter.
i'm really thankful u had this item and u had it at a great price now i can get my pictures from my ipod to my computer now thank u
i ordered 2 charger cables for my iphone, and they were under 3.00 for both, including shipping!  the cables work great and it is nice to have chargers everywhere now.
it does what you expect: charge or synch your ipod, iphone or whatever idevice with a 30pin connector. solid build quality, delivered on time. if you want to save some bucks, get this!
it took a long time to get these, because i didn't realize they were coming from asia, but they work great! so awesome.
i wasn't expecting such a well made adapter.  i needed a second one and i was surprised to find it was as well made as the original.
my usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone, ipod, and ipad is great. i was looing my mind w/o my music now that i have my new usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone, ipod, and ipad i can enjoy my music again!!!
shipped immediately to me, this usb is worth way more than i paid. very good quality.  excellent customer service as well. excellent value and product
the cable works great, no problems after using it for 6+ months. i would buy this again and would recommend buying two, as it's a great price.
these were a great price and worked exactly like the ones from the apple store without the hassle of going to the store and paying the price.
these work great. gives you extra charge cords for your iphone so you don't have to worry did i grab my cord from the house for the car. you always need extras. they are also built well, just like the ones from the phone companies.
they are working great and syncing to my computer properly! i am very satisfied with my purchase and will purchase these again.
this product was as described and the price is great.  at the price they are very good to keep on hand.
this sync cord is great for the price. i have an ipod classic 120gb and it works great. i highly suggest the purchase.
i have an iphone 4s, and the usb fit perfectly. it's brand new, came on time, very happy with my purchase.
i bought this charger to replace one i had lost. it works well and, unlike other chargers i have had in the past, is very durable.
my old cord was wrapped in black electrical tape, so this was a great find!  i love it and it was a great price too!
this is what i needed, a decent product without any flaws.  glad i ordered it.  thanks to all.  would buy more.
should have ordered a few more! seems like my daughter is always losing her ipod cord!! i just ordered some hot pink ones too for more visibility!
i was a little concerned when i found out the product was being shipped internationally, but it turned out to be great.
i ordered three of these on the assumption that at least one of them would fail.  so far, they all work with no problems.
as advertised. charger cable is still working properly. has no shorts or exposed wires as sometimes happens with my ipad charger cables. thanks!
you can never have to many charging cables. the customer service was awesome! one came not working and they sent me two for the trouble. best 97 cents i spent.  
instead of buying another spare charger i wanted to buy a usb so i can charge my iphone by plugging it into the computer. i have no issues with this. it charges my phone and allows me to transer information from the computer to my phone and vise versa.
cord works great with my iphone 4s and my husbands iphone 4.  no problems at all! can't beat this price.  my husband travels with work and seeems to lose a cord wherever he goes.  we bought 3!
works great as a car charger for my iphone 4s. i believe i've had it for over 2 weeks now! very satisfied.
i was surprised that this arrived so quickly seeing as it was coming from china. it works just as it should. no complaints! if you're looking for a cheap cord this is the one to go with!
orderwd from theoemshop. got an authentic ipod cable. couple scuff make and connector is a little stiff but it's perfect for 2 dollars.
i loved this product it worked really great with my i pod way better than the one i had before!
good product and quick delivery.i have not had any issues with it. i have been using it for a couple of months now and so far so good.
highly recommended. got what i wanted. the wire is good and charge very well. personally, i love to use that usb.
the product arrived in excellent condition. i arrive at the promised time. would you recommend this seller. very happy with the product. this product was for my 15 years. my daughter was really happy with the product thanks ana
my original apple iphone 3g cable had frayed and several other cables turned out to be unsuitable. hence it was a relief that this worked.
this item works on my ipod ,it work wayyyy better than the. purple one i purchased that one did not charge my ipod but this white one charges it thank you
great buy for the price!arrived promptly too and as described!!definitely worth the price for an extra charger at such low cost
excellent. this product is lovely and is very good for use in my new iphone 4 s and others thing to me
i thought i would have to pay more, no problems so far.  i may order another one or two, i have a new puppy.
really perfect for my car as i can now charge 4 different things at once,and they are small and compact so they do not get in the way,just what i ordered at a great price and arrived on time.
right thing.very good.i don't want to write more word. why do i need to to right more words for this.
this is a pretty standard cable.  nothing fancy.  it does what it's supposed to do, and will eventually fail like all these cables do at the connections.  but until then it works fine.
i'm soon glad to have this because my other one is starting to tear and look a little ugly and so glad to have this item.
just like the one i received with my iphone. like having a back up as my son loses things like this. would definately recommend!
worked perfectly have had no problems with it i am a satisfied customer definitely i would recommend it    
lo recomiendo es como se ve en el catalogo no hay diferencias esta bien, y se lo usa casi para todo con lo quea compatible
i received the product few days ago and find this product quality much better that previous one i have bought. i am rating this higher as i have no complains and it does the job and quality of product is superior that the previous one i had bought.
cheap and it works. its all good over here yay                    
exactly what i wanted. cheap, and they work! i will definitely shop here again, albeit hopefully my bunny won't chew through any more cords!
i bought this as a replacement, i'm sure like most people and it works well, just as good as the apple ones.
works with no problems. i bought it for my ipod classic 6 and it does everything it's suppose to do
i ordered this cable because i lost my old one, and its a perfect replacement! it's not apple brand, but it works the same way.
cheap charger and works just fine!nothing wrong with it and its not made too cheapand i mean, it charges my phone, how can i complain?
quick to ship and items are exactly as advertised. i recommend this product to any one looking for an apple usb cable
was really glad that the cable worked so well with the price point i paid you never know what you will get but it works great as well as the one i got at the apple store for 3 times the money.
it works as it is supposed to and it costs less than a dollars. what else do you need?  
cheap and works great! definitely a great buy, works great. i use it every day now! you should buy it.
very good this team cellvery good no problems sendingi keep still and is excellentrecommendi have no complaints about this product
i just pluged this into my phone and it worked fine. i will buy another one soonthank youtony
these cables are very cheap but work great. i ordered 2 of them and they both work fine with my ipad, iphone and ipod.
cable works great.  just like the original one we got with the phone. i don't have anything else to add.
just what i expected, actually they came early!  very happy with my purchase.  i definitely recommend making purchases from this provider.
the chord to recharge my phone gave out so i purchased this one. it came in great condition. i can use it to recharge my phone or my ipad. it was shipped very quickly!
good cable with reasonable price. the  customer service is excellent. . the cable arrived about a month but that's fine since it was sent from overseas.
came as described i use it every day while i charge my phone, i like it a lot, it works great
pretty good for the price. the cord does not have the smooth and shiny feel to it but it does what it's supposed to.
it took a while to get to me but excatly what i order i curently dont use it anymore becaz i got a new phone which i dont need this cord for but my sitters uses it for her ipod.
received mines today and i worked. i'm so happy i been without my ipod for weeks working out. thank you!
what can i say? my son needed a new charging cable and this one does it at a good price.
it's a pretty basic usb cord came in perfect condition and its working fine and i've had it for about a month now, however i do have to say the shipping was way to long it took 3 weeks for it to arrive.
its always a plus to be able to have extra chargers for the iphone! i love my purchase, and i received them very quickly, it was a great buy!
exactly what it's supposed to be! this product is real, undamaged, and was also sent very quickly. very much appreciated.
i love and is satisfied with my purchase. yes it did take longer than 3 5 days more like 8 days but now i have it its great, && works great!!
i love this really needed a new charger and fast it works like the one i got with my phone
i use my charger a lot and this charger works as great as the original from apple. there is no difference!!!!
no complaints. works perfectly, seems to be the same size as the cord that came with my ios device when i first got it. a much cheaper alternative to the apple cords. even if it breaks i'll order another because of the price.
this is a good addition to my iphone plugs. i always seem to need two of everything. one for home one for travel. works just as advertised.
this item was absolutely what i needed.  it fits my ipod perfectly and was a tremendous value.  i would highly recommend this item for anyone considering it's purchase.
perfect job in charging my apple products and i love the price i paid for it. .nothing further to say
will admit i was a little nervous with this purchase and i am glad i made the purchase. i use this cord as my work charger.
the price is incredible! works perfect just like the ones in apple. sent to my house 4 days after i ordered! quick & painless just the way i like it! i definitely recommend.
it costs nearly $20 to buy the same product from the brand name. this is inexpensive and works great. no need to spend a fortune.
took 3 days to mail to me. works great. the only thing is that it is hard to put into ipod. i need to use a lot of force to plug in my ipod.
item arrived on time and is of nice quality. i bought this to use with my iphone 3g and it works like a charm. great buy!
i just got this a few days ago and so far no complaints. its a nice price for a new cord.
cheap and it works for what i need it to work for. im happy that i choose to buy from this seller.
i purchased the cable for my backup to be used on my iphone and ipad.  the prices was an excellent buy.
exactly what i was looking for, what else can anyone say about cords that charge my phone, i will go here if i need to order more.
the cable i got from cellular 5 star works like a charm on my ipad 2. thanks to the other commenters!
great product!!! cant beat the price!!!! works great and again, you cant beat the price!!! !!!!! !!!!! !!!!! !!!!! !!!!!
comes in handy for downloading photos, charging, and anything else you can think of. found the ac adapters at a local home depot for cheap, just needed cords!
nothing here to say except that it is 100% as it was as advertised and as good as the original from apple.
works great, i do recommend this product.great merchant. fast shipping, it is a very nice cable that does not feel cheap.a+a+a+a+a+.
i really like this charger, it id just like th apple one. you can hardly notice a difference and it gets the job done.
great price for this usb cable. now i can listen to music from my iphone in the car. i highly recommend it.
this came with in a few days and is exactly what i wanted.  it was a reasonable price and i will order more if necessary.
i really like these because of their length. and of course because they work! these cables are a thumbs up!!
this charging cable works on my ipod 4g, which is exactly what i needed. the cord could've been a bit longer, but overall, it's great and does the job, and looks just like the one that comes with the ipod.
product was delivered as advertised. no problems.it is what it is  a simple, cheap, iphone charging cable. i would purchase again if i needed another.
worth the wait, you can not tell the difference between this and the one that came with the iphone 4.
had brought the cable and it is great quality and worked perfectly.  liked it so much that i order 2nd one as a spare for the office.
it works and in this world, isn't that all that matters? will i have to buy another? i don't know i have yet to see it malfunction, according to the other reviews if should have assimilated by now, but it hasn't. it's cheap and i'm happy with it.
i really like it when something is affordable and works really well. so, this is a great spare cord to buy!
i ordered the usb charging cable from the oem planet and i received a 1 off, almost identical product that successfully charged my iphone 4.
it took a little long to get to me but given the fact it was coming internationally it was understandable. it works great and i have no problems with it. i love it!!!
i bought this for my mom as a replacement for her current one, which is destroyed due to being rolled over repeatedly by a rolling chair. go figure, she didn't even notice it was a new cord.
just what i wanted to replace my apple charge cord. works perfect, good construction, no awkward or difficult fitting to apple product or usb port.
works just like the original iphone cord. fits perfectly with no issues. charges and syncs properly. great alternative to the pricey apple cords!
these were exactly what i needed and i will be set for a long time.  price was reasonable and they match my iphone.
it works just as great as the original charger. i highly recommend for this.
great product at a fraction of the price.  it took a while to get the default free shipment but it was worth it.  i would use them again.
just what i needed for my car to charge my iphone and ipod.  it took a little longer to get but worth it.
the product is very practical, beneficial, portable and useful, as i can connect anywhere you go to charge my phone
i wasn't sure if it was going to work based on the cheap price but, it works like magic! package arrived in my mailbox from an overseas address but i didn't have any problems in any way.
so far so good.  it is nice to have an extra charger so i can leave one in 2 different rooms.  works well so far.  great price too.
i bought this charging cable for my son who can't keep u with the one that came with his ipod.  it works well and i love having an extra one when he needs it.
cables met all of the specifications of my i phone.  have worked without flaws.  recommend this to other amazon users.
the cords are just as pictured and appear to be free from defects. the two i purchased are currently in use charging iproducts.
bought thuis for my sister and she says that shedoesnt have an issue! for the price i recamend getting it.
much cheaper than the apple version and works just as well. i don't know why people pay for something they can buy much cheaper and that works just as good. when i say cheap its just the price not the quality or functionality
these cables work just fine. for 82 cents each you might as well buy a dozen and scatter them around.  of course the kids are still going to lose them all.  no biggie, just buy more . they're freaking 82 cents each!!!!
great product and great price.  exactly what i needed a good quality product for a great price. worth the wait
we got this 9 months ago and we still use it every day.  it works great.  we have no complaints here.
the item looked exactly as pictured and works fine. i have been using it daily for the last month and nothing has broken or came loose. worth the price.
this is a standard apple product that is used by all the current apple equipment. it works as advertised and i find that you can never have too many cables or chargers!
no problems at all.works like a champ. word word word word word word word word word word word word word.there, not i have enough words to complete the review.
i've had these for over a year now. no issues, they charge, they haven't frayed, no problems.use them for wall and car chargers.
i bought this with caution after seeing the reviews but its perfect for me work when i need it no problem what so ever and had it for almost a month now
so far i have test them and they are working well, so i am glad i could get some for so cheap. they actually came in very quickly compared to when they were supposed to.
works perfectly for my ipad. now i have a travel chord to use when i go places. quickly shopped.   
i got this a while back and it still works just fine! i bought other ipod cables from other buyers and they all broke right away, but this one is still working perfectly!
took a while to get it. like 3 weeks; but it is what it is and there's nothing wrong with it.  i am happy with the purchase especially when comparing the price to the apple store.  i highly recommend.
i got this a week ago and i still havent found anything wrong yet. i literally cant tell this from the original one!
fsdfsfrge gf f f f f f f f f f f fcvnv dfnv ccmvnfdjmvdvdfvdf  fv  fvdcv nmb jn  v  jnf jv nv dvdv
works fine, arrived on time, i've no problems with it. standard length and durability. there's really nothing else to say.
i compared this cord to the one i received with my iphone. they appear to be identical. saved me some cash thank you!!
all i need to say is that the price an the fact that it works is enough for me.can't go wrong!
i was happy to find that i got full use from this cable. it works just like the original cable work.
works as it should. haven't had any issues with this particular one.  the last one we had stripped itself after a few months from wear.
my usb cord took long to come but it was worth the wait it's in tip top shape to me.
what can i say it's a ipod usb
i gave this item away on listia multiple times and all of the people who won these were pleased with the item. definitely worth the low, price! such a great deal! i would recommend getting more than one. if you have too many, you can always put them on listia.
came in a matter of days and it seems longer then most chords. you get exactly what it says you get.
love the price!!!!!!  works just like the brand name, just didn't pay the price. item shipped quickly and received it within one week.
was what i was expecting to order. same as the apple chargers at the apple store but 1/100 of the price, so i got two.
haven't had any problems with this product. they work well with iphones, and ipods and can plug into any computer for downloading and charging
it is always great to have one of this on hand when you are driving. i definitely use it all the time to hook it to my i pod or i pad.
cause was everything ok so i al very happy with this productgood bye and happy christmas and new year
simple and inexpensive cable for my iphone and ipad. it works as advertised, and i will purchase an additional one soon.
i bought the cables from importer520.  the cables are good and charge ipad 1 and ipad 2.  i would buy more in the future if the price is still the same.
it works great and functions properly! i would say this is a worth while purchase. you definitely cant beat the price!
honestly who goes and pays 25.99 for a new ipod wire, they break all the time anyways, so i ordered this one, funny enough it's more sturdy then the one that came with my ipod.
quick transaction, works with my computer and iphone and in the car, great accessory for my macbook and iphone !
the product is just what i was looking for.  fast shipping. great product. bought it for my son and he had no complaints.
i love it i use this cord for my ipod 4 gen and my iphone 4. would buy more if i needed to
it is a foken cable! what can i say about it? it works, it does its job, it looks like is original even if it is made by indians in the woods.
besides the amount of time you have to wait for shipping, it was worth it. these never last (either you lose them or break them) so it's always good to have replacements handy.i tested each one out and they all worked! no complaints here!
excellent product. can not tell a difference and works great! nice design and craftsmanship. fast shipper too! i would recommend any one to buy this product.
the charger works fine. i brought it for my daughter, not myself. the charger that came with her iphone was lost. but so far this one works as it should.
great price for this usb charger.  fast delivery.  i use it for ipod and iphone.  seems to be good quality.  i purchased one for my daughter and one for myself.
ordering was easy and the price was right.  it arrived on schedule and all three worked without fail.  that's a perfect score in my book.
this cable fits my ipod touch perfectly.  it fit my mac as well.  it charges as good as the one i got from the apple store but only cheaper
this is an excellent product that works really well. i would recommand this for other user. i will be using this site again to order other apple products.
i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it that's all i can say
cant get a better deal than the price on this. they work great on an apple ipod and iphone.  o course the new ones have a different contector  i got 2 of them
this company has bad tracking on your package and when you email them they ignore you.  if you don't care then use this company but if you like know where your package is at, this company is not the one you want to deal with.
now we have more than 1 charger so we will never have a dead phone, and did not pay store price
its a usb cord .does its job. seems to last and charges my iphone great. i can honestly say it works just like the one that came with my phone. note : its just the cored not the piece that plugs into the walloutet
seems to work identically to the oem apple chargers, no quality issues, been using them for over a year now.
it is exactly what i ordered and it is a generic cable cord. one has lasted me half a year so they're decent.
i like the price. i bought a couple of them due to the low price. but, i noticed that the price went up lately. it's not so sturdy, so i need to use it carefully.
you can never have too many usb chargers.  i have one in my travel case, one in my bedroom, one in the living room, etc.
took a good 3 4 weeks to be delivered but listed when i ordered it that it would take that long because it was coming from hong kong.  product works and was what i expected so no complaints here. you can't beat anything that costs less than a dollar.
no complaints. it works just like the original. if you really look closely, you would see the difference but as long as it does its job, that's good for me!
why buy a more expensive item when you can get the same function with a much lower price?this only costs $0.99 and works just perfectly as my original cable from apple. very highly recommended.
a a a a a a a a a a a a  great item shipped fast . . . . m
it works like a charm and i payed a fraction of the actual apple brand cost. completely satisfied with my purchase!
wrk great for the price fit iphone a little tight but other than that there perfect . get a pair
i ordered two of these cables for my iphone 4s and ipad3 and both work as expected. i have had no issues at all with them.
this product deserves all 5 stars.  works well. i would definitely recommend this product to a friend.  thank you very much!
it works great. it works great at work and on the ride home when it's time to charge on the go. thank you.
this is exactly what i needed for my iphone 4s. my previous one had a short in it and would only charge if it were positioned a certain way. thank you so much for the product and speedy delivery!!
completely compatible charging cable and it works. great value for the price. i would recommend it to anyone who needs an iphone charging cable. thank you.
as described, great price for a quality product. received promptly even with a split order, got these for home, travel and work.
i bought 3 so i can have one at home, in my car & and work. now i'm covered !!!!
this things are expensive directly through apple, but this was a great purchase and i still use this when needed.
very satisfied with this product i will differently order more! i received it on time and it was exactly what i purchased
it's a cable and it works. amazon requires that i write a minimum number of words for a review to be posted, so most of this is filler, but don't hesitate to buy this cable. in fact, buy five or six of them and stash them everywhere.
very good charger an very cheap it would be smart to buy extras instead of havein to buy 1 every 3 to 4 months but i hope i can make this one last by being gentel with it
apple sells these for 50 bucks (ok, an exaggeration).  buy a half dozen of these and don't worry about losing them or the cats chewing the cable.
and in very good condition for such a cheap price.the cord was fine, it charges right and doesn't mess up.thanks for this
bought this to use in my vehicle and i can tell no difference between it and the brand name one that i spent 8x more for.  only time will tell about the durability but, for the time being we are totally satisfied with our purchase.
works great with my ipod touch. much cheaper than the real thing and works just as good! definitely recommend to others.
i love it i got it to replace mine that had ripe but i found this one cheap and same kind i couldn't say no to a deal like this plus i received it before time estimated
this product saved my wallet, this cord works just as good as the name brand ipod ones. i would purchase again, but the generic ipod headphones didn't last long at all though.
great product! don't waste your money on original apple brand cables. i've had this cable for a few months and works great with my new iphone 4s. no problems so far.
quick shipping. i buy these in groups of 5 because i lose them a lot and you can't really beat the price even if they don't last long.
this is an excellent value.and it works perfectly!  i couldn't be more satisfied with the usb cable that i purchased.
works like a charm.nice price for something so needed.  always have an extra charging cable for my iphone 4s! love it.
got this for my gf.  looks oem to me, and she was happy to get a new cable since her original one was starting to fall apart. overall great product and fast shipping.
it was every thing it said it was.  i bought similar cords and paid six times the  amount and didn't charge the phone.
works just as well as the original cable. no problems so far! a lot less expensive than a retail purchase.
even though it is generic it still works like a charm i may buy another one for my desk at work or another one for my car!!!
great product, works awesome with my ipod touch. very inexpensive and works great. i would highly suggest this product. awesome!
i see no difference at all between this and the cable that came with my iphone. other than the difference in price that is.
these cords arrived on time and undamaged. they work as they should for my iphone 4 and 4s. no problems as of this date. i'll buy more as needed. good cord for the money.
works wonders and doesn't fall apart like others! the price is a steal! i will probably buy a few more to keep around the house.
this cable is great i use it for my iphone, my computer and my grand daughter use it for her ipod
works just fine. i bought it about a year ago and even though it's strained a little at the plug in part, it's still kicking.
always good to have another.especially when traveling.  phone died shortly after i got this.i will keep for future use with another product.
needed an extra charger for work. the phone comes with a  bundle, but i kept forgetting to bring  my cord to or back home from work. needed an extra to stay at work.and the price was right !
completely compatible charging cable and it works. great value for the price. i would recommend it to anyone who needs an iphone charging cable.
i need an extra cable to plug my iphone in the office, so it came really handy. thank you so much!
i could not resist the price of this usb sync and charging cable and was even more impressed when i received the product.
these cords work great with our iphone 4's and we have had no problems with them since purchasing these. great quality
this item works great for my iphone and is way cheaper than what i could buy at the apple store or cell phone store.  for only $0.75 it is a steal!
perfect back up
i broke my original apple iphone plug. this thing works excellent.no one can tell its generic looking at the product.if, i don't update my phone. i may buy 2 more.
this is a very good cable that works well. ordered it on sunday and received cable by friday. don't let the low price disuade you.
i brought this and saw that it was selling for one dollar each, and it was a good deal to get, despite it took four weeks to deliver to my address, but it was worth the wait.
this works great! it is just the same as any other apple brand usb. it looks the same however is not made by apple. it also works with all generations of ipod and iphone.
this isn't anything special, just a usb cable that works with iphone 4s. it's not very long. i just wanted a spare cable, that's why i purchased this.
it does it's job. fast shipping. needed a new one after my baby brother was misinformed that this was not a finishline to run through and brake.
can not imagine the quality of it. great price for such stuff. it used as the same as the orignal cable.
works great. i use it every day.  it takes more abuse than you would expect.  takes a beating and keeps on charging.
when you need this cord then you can't beat the price, just order a couple at the same time so when you lose one you don't have to wait the month for the shipping.
this is a great item.  i wanted a backup cable incase my original cable went bad.  i can also take it with me on trip and leave the original at home.
i ordered this product and received in much sooner than expected.  it works well with no problems and i will definitely order again if i need to.
these cables work great for christmas gifts. now i just see them laying around the bed or the desk. they work for their purpose so, i would recommend this product.
this product acctually works, unlike some product the i have purchase in the past, that i often get a &#34;your device is not supported by this charger&#34; somenthing like that, not this product, so is all good.
works great with a solid cord that won't break easily like the cords from apple do. i will probably order more, soon
it is awesome i love it i think it is the real apple brand i love it it charges so fast
i bought this for my iphone 4s and im pretty pleased with it. will keep them as a place to shop.
no problem with the order everything i needed for my connection for my ipod and iphone, the order was efficient and no hassle
this item was an identical replacement and was very inexpensive.  the item has been working very well and i have used it every night for the past several weeks.
have no issues here after a year of usage. charges all my devices flawlessly. why pay for overpriced official cables?  
what more would i want! they all worked fine charged and transferred. best of all great price couldn't have asked for more!!
works perfectly with iphone 4s and 4! don't spend the crazy amount of money apple wants for these things. get it here!
these worked great to charge my kids ipods. haven't had any issues at all and we've been using them for awhile. great buy in my opinion!
works great, price is right, needed and extra for work. so far so good. does not seem to work with the iphone3. i have a 4 and it works well.
very good condition and works like its store bought. it was also a very cheap but for a good quality product.
this is a great product for eighty two cent.worked well right out of the package and my ipod charged up good.it took awhile to get here by mail but i am happy.
it is what it is i guess, and it works perfectly well like it should. it even got to my house earlier than expected. 5 stars.
i ordered 10 of these data cables. the were as described and are working with my iphone 4 and 4s
bought two of these and both work. not sure why some reviews say they were doa. very happy and $1.09 with free shipping, wow!
these work great! gloss on the plastic is different but other than that these are the same as the apple product.
i've left this cable in my car for several years now. i also leave my ipod in there. occassionaly the ipod end doesn't make contact, but mostly it works great.
cable is somewhat harder then the original one and with it phone charges longer then with the original one. but for the price it is very good.
this ipod charger is perfect they last twice as long as the other stuff  and its perfect for wrapping up to put out of the way
very good very cheap perfectvery good very cheap perfect very good very cheap perfect very good very cheap perfect
same quality as the standard apple sync cables, except this one is more fairly priced.
as advertised.  very affordable.  i ordered several so i have them in multiple places.  i wouldn't hesitate to suggest this solution to a friend.
works perfectly fine you cant even notice a difference unless you hold a real apple charger next to this one and even then its only a slight darker color on this product.
this is a great charger for the i phone makes it easy to have one with you at all times. great purchase!!!
i have ordered things like this in the past, and they have not worked.  no complaints here.  good deal, good product!
it could have been longer, but that was my own fault for not reading the length. it hasn't let me down yet. my ipod charges faster on this one than the one it actually came with when i bought it.
it was in expensive enough that i could buy several.  the only thing was i wish i could have bought the a/c adapter to go along with it.
the usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone were delivered quickly and as advertised.  they work and now there are no longer fights over who is charging a computer or phone.
i am extremely pleased with this product.  i have purchased these before and i wasn't disappointed this time either.  why pay more in the store when this is available.
this cable works fine when plugged into a usb port, but not with the chineon universal usb wall charger that i purchased at the same time.
i was so excited to find charging cables that didn't cost me a fortune!  they work great, i received them within a few days from ordering and so far, no problems!
shipped out when they said it would and just what we wanted.  very happy, would order again from company anytime.
compatible and works great! no issues at all. works with my phone and nano apple products, so no issues either.
needed chargers for my phone as my dog chewed up all my other ones.  got fast shipment with it, and all work perfect.
if you are not in a rush this is a great!!!  i had to wait 3 plus weeks for my item.
the cord works but the ipod doesn't. well played, apple.it did it's job and i have no complaints. it's a cord.
this is a a great little cable!  i have purchase several of them to keep handy and have given them as gifts to friends and family who also have the iphone as spares.
everything works well.  it was for grand daughter. i just hope this one last longer than the other ones did.
i heard a lot of crap about this.the cord isn't oem. but it works good, and it gets the job done.
a good cheap replacement. the cable is not a flexible as the apple brand one, but i've been happy with it for almost two months.
this sync cable does it's job and was a good price. not much else to say about it right now.
i works fine.it was right on point, came in perfect condition. my granddaughter is too happy to have one again.
this product was exactly as discribed and i just wish i had ordered more than 3 my teenager keeps leaving them at friends houses
this usb sync and charging cable works well to replace my iphone compatible cable that has disappeared into the unknown.
my husband bought one at walmart at $13 and it stopped working a month after .i tried it and it had been working well since i bought it. and actually i ordered 2 more for reserve
i receievd the charger within a weeks time.  it looks very similar to the charger that came with my iphone.
it works great and just for a dollar it is best dollar i spent so far but it just took a while to get.
this is just what i needed, it's the real deal and has lasted me quite a while. i definitely recommend!
how much can you say about a this product. it works. shipped fast. and works. and for the price they are the best i could find.
this was a great buy.  it looks and works just like the apple charger cord and it didnt cost me apple charger money lol!
the product came just as i had expected it to arrive. it arrived in a very short amount of time.
i like having the extra three feet to charge devices with adn these cords seem to work very well on my iphones.
i had some trepidation about ordering these cables as i've order some &#34;cheap&#34; cables in the past and they did not work.  these were sent from hong kong and took about 3 weeks to arrive.  all three of them are working well for me.  i recommend these.
great cables.  i have read reviews on others heating up allot or just not working.  bought 5 of these to use in our cars, offices, and home.
for the price it is awesome. it may be a little short but it is worth it. it completely pays for itself considering how much apple charges its a steal!!
it does the job, and it's been working great. now i just need to type extra words to be able to post this review. hehe
i've purchased cheap stuff before but this worked great!  have bought others since then. they shipped pretty fast as well.
shipped immediately, arrived early! protective packaging! great bargain price for a backup charger cord! thanks again! will reorder from you guys again (:
works good, cheep in price, one i got with charger came apart, i don't know what happened to it. price is hard to beet
worked great for the amount i paid. it seems to be a good charger, can't beat the price. really cheap, good product.
needed a spare charging cable and this product fir the bill for the price. keep a spare in the car for road charging. would buy another again.apple iphone ipod dock connector usb charging cable
iphone chargers don't last a minute. so a deal like this was a blessing. i don't have to worry about only having one cord when it breaks. i don't have to spend $30 for a new cord
i have these everywhere i go. have one at each computer in the office. have worked great, had them for a while now.
i was skeptical on the cheap price for the cable. it is equal quality and performance to another for which i paid twice the price. would definitely purchase additional cables if needed.
i sense some cheap build quality in this cable, but it only cost me $1.40 usd so.i really can't complain.so cool mart is the seller i used and the product arrived on time, and is as described.
great customer service, solved the issue right away!! great quality of cable, save your money and just buy it from ikingshop instead of an apple store!!
simple but does exactly what it needs to do. can charge from a usb on computer, or usb wall outlet, even the usb outlets on the airplane.
i bought this to have extra cords for charging. it charges my phone in any powered usb port that i plug into. i have not tried to sync with this cord.
excellent product, it was everything i expected and more. it worked great and is a great value . fast delivery and excellent customer service . highly recommend it it to all
i purchased this affordable cable to have around my room and house for easy accessibility to a charger i tried two sellers and found out that oem planet gave the best quality product i definitely encourage everyone to try these guys out they are amazing.
works great some times phone and or ipod says they don't like this cord just unplug and replug in and it is fine
fine product. works great. quality seems fine. would recommend for ipod touch. gave used it on multiple generations just fine
i was leery about buying a cheaper knock off ipod connector, but it works perfectly and it only cost a $1.you can't beat that anywhere!!!
cable works great on my 5th generation ipod have been using it for 7 months with no issues looks no different quality from original cable supplied by apple and performs no different.
was so happy to get this when i did and am very happy to get . fast shipping. it works really well and is useful for my music
this product is great its not exactly the same as the apple cord but it works perfectly it comes as shown in picture and it arrived sooner than expected
i wasn't sure what to expect when i ordered this sync and charge cable for my iphone. the cable is in fact identical to the original apple cable. it works well with iphone 3g and iphone 4. i've had it for over a month and it continues to work perfectly.
love this it works faster than the one it replaced i need to buy another one great buy cool cool
this apple compatible usb cable works perfectly with my iphone.  when used to charge my phone in the car it works great.
great item for a great price. it beats the store prices by far. you should order more than one. i i ii i  i i i
its great, works well with my ipad n iphone. i recommend you to buy this cable. i was so happy with it i got 20 of them.
great price for the little cab;e hat comes in handy all the time.  work, home, car, luggage. doing time upstate.
i bought several of these, got them from best n price, and they all work well. no difference from my apple originals. i have 2 iphones, 1 ipod, and 1 ipad3. they work well for all. can't complain.
good and cheap!i have several apple devices, this option was nice because i have a lot of chargers distributed in my house / office.the apple original device is nice but expensive, this alternative product was a nice option.
when you need to replace a usb cord for a devise that was damaged , it is good to know that it can be replaced at a nominal price
this charger arrived in a timely manner and was exactly what we needed. a great back up charger for our iphone and can be used to upload to computer as well.
it works fine, it is not the same exact replica of the apple one, but it still works fine and fast, there is nothing wrong with this and with the price of this it is a real bang for your buck.
what can i say they provide a product that is necessary and it is supplied in very good time.  i will remember them for my future apple purchases.  i will probably take a look at their other products.
o yea it worked good i had a i pod nano and it worked great for charging and for conecting to i tunes
i usually don't buy item if there's only 1 review.the title of the item was the "original" usb cable, so i bought it.and it is original, apple. this charger is not copy.this is the first time writing review. this is what i was looking for.i'm so happy!!!!!!!!!!!
product was just as i expected and was shipped in a timely manor. this product is exactly what it says it is, nothing less, nothing more.
i bought 5 of these, i believe. very cheap price. for things like this and hd cables, you really can't beat amazon. anyway, these work with the ipod touch and ipad. they're white. individually wrapped. and it works.there.
it clearly is a generic but there really is barely any difference. i use this and can't tell a difference
the original charger was lost so this was a replacement. it is at a cheap enough price that when it brakes or gets lost will be affordable enough to buy again.
keep each pair in the briefcase and car for emergency charging for the phone and ipad around town and on trips out of state
the charger was like new. there were no signs of wearing or tearing on the connectors. it worked just great!
they sent a new one immediately   free of charge after i sent them an email about the first one that stopped working after 6 months.  excellent!
these arrived faster than i expected and work great.  they look like original apple cables to me. they work in all my iphones incl 4s and ipods and my ipad.
it works and looks to be brand new. only complain is that it ships from the other side of the world, but hey it was 89 cents
i ordered from ikingshop and the cables work great   just like the apple brand!  great quality for the price.  i highly recommend you buy from ikingshop though.  be careful which merchant you choose, a lot from hong kong.
this cord works just fine for me. charges my phone, fits well. i've had no problems at all with it.
the product is exactly what is listed. it appears to be good quality, and i haven't had any issues with it, yet.
all very well arrive on time i am satisfied with the product gracias todo muy bien llego en la fecha les volver&eacute; a comprar
i have had this for a few months and it works. i use it with my car charger. i bought from an american based seller after reading some bad reviews on the ones shipping from hong kong. it was a little more expensive but i'd rather a chord that works.
this charging cable came packed as advertised and has not disappointed since i started using it about a week ago. now i have multiple options of charging my phone.
i always keep several of these inexpensive cables around just in case i need them and this one works just fine.  i use them daily for ipad, ipod, iphone.
while it was a little slow in the mail, the price was fantastic. i seem to go through these cords since i put them under stress.
charger works. was cheap. took 10 years to get here. charger work good. iphone 4s. do not buy if iphone5. huehuehueheueheuehuee
great price can't beat the price at the store. i always buy my chargers from amazon. works really good and its cheap.
no issues with these cables and iphone 4s. worked well for charging any syncing. also worked on ipad and iphone 4
there is really not much to expect from a charger and this one delivers what it should, charging. no problems with the cord or plugs whatsoever.
it was cheap but worked fine.i have had it for about 1 month and no problems.i would buy this again
this is a supper great charger, it charges my phone all the time.  it even charges it after charging it!!! hmmmm
worked good and was long (&#60;    thats what she said) and it came quick (&#60;   thats what she said) in the mail. it was straight and not curved (&#60;    thats what she said)
the cable didnt have problems, work as original, better than other generics. and excellent price. work well with electricity and in the car.
we have all apple products at home and not enough of these things so i have to buy a couple so we don't fight over who gets to charge their device first.
after ours wore out we got this one to replace it. does what it's meant to do and you can't beat the price.
it was good i really liked it and i use this joint everyday. it was worth the price i paid for it
the price is great. and it works witch what really matter. the only compliant is it took a long time to deliver the item since they ship it from hong kong. but if you are not in immediate need and you can wait. then you'll save money buying this product.
bought 4 of these for work for me and my friends to use and works as well as apples but they r a little shorter. they do allow you to sync and charge so no compliant there!
works great so far! i carry one in my purse and keep one at work so i can charge my iphone at all times.
this cable looks like the original cable from apple. but most importantly it works with the newest iphone 4 and ipad. sync and charge to your iphone without any problem.
very good and very cheap!!! 93 cents??? reallyy??? w no taxes!!!very good very cheap, very good very cheap!! very good very cheap
fast shipping and great product! you will be very satisfied with the price of this charger and it is the apple one that comes with your ipod originally!!
it was great. it works perfect. i love it i do not have any problem with it. it was brand new in the box thank you so much
it's working, in this price, so, it is good! i already 4 and i will buy 4 more to put one for every where!  
it was cheap and came in the timeframe it said it would come. my last one lasted for 2 1/2 years so this item is durable. i should've brought two but oh while.
the price for this charging cable was unbelieveable and it is just as good or better than the one that comes with the ipod when you buy it new!
i love it just what i was looking for my ipod ery haptouch.  nothing much more to say but i wasvery happy.   
exactly as described, item works perfectly. i needed a new one after the original one broke, and for less than a dollar you cannot go wrong!
same part as expensive one in stores. don't hesitate to purchase especially for the price   it's great. i'm very pleased with purchase.
ok so i purchased this cord nearly a year ago and have not seen anything wrong with it. it isnt a legit apple cord, but works just like one. very impressed for the very low price.
the product worked for me it might not be from apple but at the end of the day your device is charge for a cheaper price.
attractively priced, worked as intended and arrived in the time frame as advertised.  if needed, i would purchase this item again.
it's a temporary cable. worked for 2 weeks and then just snapped for some reason when i tried to pull it out.
i highly recommend this salerright on time, right item, nice condition, everything is great thanx to this saler keep the good work
when i got this and plug it in it work just like the one that come with the ipod this was a good buy for under a dollar instead of going to the store and buying it for 20 or 30 bucks
i got this for next to nothing. i needed a new charger for my ipods and got very quick and for a low price. thank you for the give away!
this is a heavy duty quality cable unlike many bought on the internet.  it arrived quickly form  cellular 5 star and works great!
cable feels well made. you can tell it's not a real apple cable but the quality is good. it works perfectly. i bought mine from  cellular 5 star.
i didn't feel like buying a brand new cord from apple and i sure didn't think an item costing less than $1 would do the trick.however, it works perfectly fine and i got free shipping on top of it.  very pleased!
this cable is firm and works just great. i've found any fault so far. my genuine cable came with the phone has alread torn at both joints between the cable and the end. i'm very happy for what i've paid. very worth!
this is a great buy, super fast delivery , i needed an extra usb for for my iphone because they go out so easily this definitely does the job  
this cable worked great and still works over a year later. i would definitely buy more from this seller and not the cheap ones tha tjust dont last.
it may be generic, but hey it gets the job done. that's all that matters! it does feel more lighter than the apple one though.
takes forever to charge devices. ended up just throwing these chords away. they were a waste of money and not worth it
the usb sync and charging cable is really a good deal dependable and does what it suppose to. this cable cost or retail at the price of $15.00 or more .
great product and even better price. a must if your looking for spare cables. i recommend this to every one.
this product is does it's job, bought two , for the price it's good . go raiders .one time
this item is comparable to the factory cable. doesn't seem to work with the i phone 3 but fine with the 4
works great to charge my iphone.should have purchased more; such a great price.everyone in our office keeps borrowing it!
same as an item i paid more for at best buy.  the item looks and works the same as the more expensive item that i purchased.
thank it is a good buy. i woud buy again  it was wrapped nice and tight. glad i found them
thanks. i think this is the best choise what i see, usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone
i bought this to leave at our vacation home.  it works well and i would buy it again.  no problems.
i lost my original  so i looked for new one.  this came inexpensively and quickly.  would love this kind of service all the time.
love the price. the length is also great. combined the two thing i like the best were definitely a selling attraction.  lastly my phone does not reject the the way others replacement cables have been; so i bought extra's to share with my family
very cheap and working well. nice deal. not apple brand but works fine. hope to deal with you again. thanks
ideal secondary charger for the car or at the office, making the price of the product super cheap. nice as a second charger.
the product is just what it is supposed to be and it is very good quality and they have the best price
great cord.  no problems! unlike cheap imitations i have bought that did not work right.  this cord delivers as promised  and is durable.
just what you need.it is nice to have spares. i use on all my usb ports. computer, car, ect. works great!
really not much more to say, it works on my iphone 4. will be obsolete soon but i will cross that road when the time comes.
delton  platinum usb 30 pin data cable for iphone 3gs/4/4s and ipod
can you ever have enough chargers?  this was a good purchase as the price is right and it does the job.
bought this for my ipod after loosing the original.  extremely cheap and it works.  for the money i would say its a good buy.
perfect and great price.  so much of this stuff is overpriced but this was a great bargain and i bought one for every member of the family
this product works well and is 1/10 the cost of something you would get in the apple store.  i think it is oem or near.
works very well, it is a good cable in general and works normal like any other apple cables go go
this product was greatly needed;) i love apple but hate their prices. great for ipad, iphone and more. i use it and its durable.
i was wary when i read some bad reviews, but i bouth 3 of these anyway since the price was so low.  all 3 work perfectly for charging and syncing.  no complaints.
just got it today but none of the issues other reviewers noted. charges my ipod just fine. and got it a day earlier than estimated.
this product is definitely worth more than what i payed! it surprised me beyond imagine. the cord hasn't bent or ripped and it syncs and charges. very impressed and will buy again!!!
excellent, works well, and i have no complaints. money spent well! it took me awhile to decide which cord to order but i'm glad i made the right choice.
they work great!  no difference at all between these and the one that came with my iphone!i use this cord on a regular basis and have not had any problems.
as soon as i got it the cord pretty much worked. it had no signs of wear. everything seemed to work out with it. it is also very durable and fits into the computer well (at least mine does).
the adapter was good but i thought it was going to be easier to plug into my iphone and ipod but its quite hard to do so. other than that, it works good.
ki mi ji hi hu tu yu york ink him he me we de fes qwert scd scd wwss sss sss  ? jam
the product arrived pretty quickly even though it was shipped from hongkong.the product looks same like the original cable.good service!!!
exactly what our family needed. with a family of 5 and everyone have ipads this couldn't have been more helpful. now everyone can stay charged and not argue. came in very fast! thank you!
very happpy with oem had a small issue, but someone from this business called me personally to fix problem fast. will continue buying from this company having known that they really care for there costumers and there quality of service. one happy costumer  
i lost my usb sync and charging cable so i got this one to replace it.for the price there are absolutely zero complaints. it looks like a legit apple cable.
charges up my iphod (iphone i use as an ipod since i wouldnt be caught dead with an iphone as my phone)
excellent for the price. probably not that durable, but worth the money.  i've ordered two more so we don't have to share.
this helped my kids so much with their iphone.  i recommend these to anyone who has an iphone.  very happy.
i love these their just like apples. much more durable and stronger than their wires, other than that perfectoo. i love them
they are long, stable and worthy. most everyone owns an apple product or two or three. how ya gonna hook'em up to what they need to be hooked up to? hmmm? i'll tell you. with these cables. don't argue, just buy.
simply an ipod charging cable coming in nondescript packaging. not incredibly long but gets the job done, waiting period was nowhere near the estimated three weeks or so either. will buy cables again from amazon, you simply can't beat the price
a cable is a cable so price is primary driver for purchase.  wish i would have bought more at that time but delivery time was well over two weeks according to website but the item arrived in about a week.  bought 4 more today.  thank you
three of these for five bucks was a fine deal. they've worked fine so far, and even if they only last six months or a year, i'll get more than my money's worth.
ok the quality is not as good as the original but it works(original ipad), and that's all that matter.  price/quality wise it was better than my (low to none) expectation but might be wise to get more than one just to be in the safe side.
i like it :3 it better than my original ones . . . my original ones broke in a few weeks ( = ~ = ) its pretty sensitive . . . but this one has a great quality . :d
it is very good for this price. i can't tell the difference between this and the origin one. came on time too.
i refuse to buy overpriced apple products other than my iphone. theres nothing wrong with this. works like a champ. i ordered one for every room plus extras for missing ones or burn outs.
good buy
the cable was so good and fit my cell phone and i was able to charge and sync again.the price also was amazing.thank you.
these sync cables look and act like the real deal from apple. they work great and are a great price.
i am happy about this item i purchased. i would reccommend this item to many people! i work as a cashier so i talk to many people and i encourage them to buy trhis product often!
thank you !
usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone (white) is ok for me. i am very happy . thanks again.
it works good on my ipad and i love it, i don't have to hold someone else sync cable thank u
charges my ipod when i need it, and i don't need to hold it a certain way for it to charge   just what i needed
the product was shipped fast and received in a couple of days. product works perfectly and was just has described. i would recommend this product to others!
i got the cable during the time they said i would get it, although it did take awhile, but it works great!!! ive been using it for the past month and its worked great for all my needs: charging, data transfer, etc.
i bought this for a friend and it worked just fine. the usb end was bent just the slightest bit but was easily fixable. pretty sure it was discarded from apple because it came in the same replacement packaging, the see through front and the silver back baggie.
though not from apple, it works great. is good for the price and it is doing the job well. no complaints so far.
bought this for my son he loved it .no more charging by the sofa and sit there to chat he can move around with ease.
looks exactly the same as the one from apple, just a little bit more sturdy feeling fittings actually. i think they are better quality than the apple ones personally. and hey, the price is sure right!
this was just what i needed! works great with no issues! this is the best deal on amazon for apple users!! ships quickly and in perfect working condition!!
this charger is one of the few good quality and is super cheap so or lose time and the other free envis that you can ask more?
i love that it has a longer string so i can use all the way in the back seats and it has not broken
perfect! it works and gets the job done, i was worried since it was not specifically an apple product that my ipod would not charge with it. i was wrong, i even bought another for my sisters ipod
very good service and the merchandise worked perfect. i needed a new cord for my ipod but couldn't afford to purchase one from the retail store.found this one and i have no regrets with this purchase.
i can't tell the difference between this cable and te one that came with my iphone. and for only a buck you can't go wrong. i highly recommend this.
the product was undamaged and came fast despite of no tracking. pfft! who needs tracking when your items arrive lightening fast!?
i actually didnt get it for some time, but they gave me a full refund and another cord. i really liked it. thanks!
i needed an extra cable just to have and this works perfect. it is just like apples cord that you get with the phone.
i needed several chargers for home, work and travel. these chargers are great and i received them in a timely  manner.
i ordered three of these (from importer520) and must say, they don't feel a whole lot different from the originals and seem to work just fine. a whole lot cheaper than the apple branded product, by far!
does what i expected it to do. nothing weird to report i needed a new one since my pet chewed the cord and i was easily able to get a replacement.
got four (4) well made, compatible cords for less than half the price of retail!!!!  so worth the short wait!!!
arrived on time.works as it should.very inexpensive vs. oem charger.cable can seperate from plug if you pull too hard.i would buy again.
saved a ton of money by ordered this cable from this seller. works exactly like a normal ipod cord. use it for my ipad every day now. great savings, product, etc. highly recommend
these things have lasted forever and are much easier to use than apples.  it's nice to have so many around the house.
it's a simple cable for an honest price. the only downside is the very short shipping time. it only took a week. i've compared it to an authentic apple cable and there is literally no difference.
was looking everywhere for this that was not overpriced.  got just what i needed at a great price.took a little longer than what i expected but all ended well.
i love itmakk kim ok ,okay monk mike jk jk min ink jnnj min jk juan jinnin i'm jk.
i use these for myself and i have been buying them for friends and coworkers who complain about not having a charging cable.  i must be on my 9th or 10th cable now.
this product came early and i am glad because my brother's cable just broke. the wider part that plugs into the ipod did come apart, but i did snap it back into place and it worked just fine.
i've had these for months now and they still work amazingly. i bought two but i only need one. thumbs up
great product, fast shipper!!! will buy again. best price on the web. thanks for helping me find the best deal around.
i love this it works great. my husband had one and his got damaged. so purchase two of them and now we both have one and can share.  thank you.
i thought this was a very good deal for the ninety seven cents i paid for it, sure wish i had ordered a few more of them
after problems with my cat chewing the cords and paying much more for these previously, it was a breath of fresh air to find someone who had them for less and ships them fast.i bought 3 and hide the charger now!
received these chargers and they work perfectly and who could pass up the price!!  they also came earlier than stated.
got these in the mail. was needing a cord for my car. this one will play and charge the ipod. had gotten one at a local store that would not play in my car, just charge. this was worth the wait and price was excellent. great purchase.
perfect for just what i needed. i have bought several charging cables and will continue to buy them as i need
seemed as nice or better than the standard cable. worked fine with my ipod touch 4g connected to the usb port of a kenwood x794 head unit.
i liked this product. good price and good quality. it works very well on my ipad 2. i got it as a charger
awesome works well and they are the best willdoo things with them again  cant say any thing but awesome place
need new cord bad but was not going to pay $10+ seen this one and jumped on it, it came 2 days early  that was a plus
works just like the regular one was it just took to long to get me since i forgot to check if it was in state!
i'm using one as a wall charger and another to connect to pc. i've had them a week and so far they work as advertised for my iphone4. i would buy again if i needed more cables.
good usb cable especially for the buck it completely gets the job done and does just as much as a cable that cost a lot more!
works perfect.correct product, correct price. great combination.has the feel like it is made with quality, and care.feels and looks like original equipment.
i got this cable to replace my daughters older and damaged charging cord.her older generation itouch that is still running strong. the cable works well so far and time will tell about the longevity.
for a cheap cord that i'll stick in my brief case with a wall plug just to charge the phone when i'm out, it works!  what else can you ask for under a dollar!
works as well as those bought directly from apple, but much cheaper. i would purche here again should the need arise.
bought my from cce accessories and they were similar to oem cable.  they all worked and were cheap! the construction isn't up to apples standards but all the cables fit snugly in the port.
i received my ipod cable very quickly (3 days later) and have had no problems at all. i am very satisfied with my purchase and recommend buying from seller1on1. why would you try anyone else?
purchased these for my daughter. she is able to charge her phone by way of computer and outlet. i highly recommend these to anyone that needs a charge.
all i have to say is thanks.  have you ever gone to an &#34;fruit&#34; store and needed a new charger?  $25+ the knockoffs (that almost never work) are $15.  price alone gives this a 5 star.  well done.
i got what i paid for with no complications. it is what i expected. works great! yah! nice and cheap!
it is very good charging cord. i have had no problems with it. fast shipping. it doesn't feel cheap and for the price it is very good.
it was exactly what i was looking for ! great price as well . only thing is that it takes a long time to arrive. other then that , price and item is perfect!
this product works just fine   i have had for about a year.  i've never had a problem.  much cheaper than the alternative.
i was a little weary when i bought this because the reviews were all over the place. but i'm very happy with the one i got, it's just the same as one i would have bought in the store, only it's about $18 cheaper!
exactly what i needed and didn't cost 29.99 like it would have at walmart. hope i can find this deal again if i ever need more!
great arrived on time works great  i loved ti wish iphone charges could be longer :( arrived on time item was brand new no glitches
this thing is still going strong, very good purchase, very pleased with it. this is a good thing to buy.
fit into my iphone 4 with no problem.  works great with my usb adapter into my car.  very satisfied with the product.
came quick considering it came from china . works great. wish i had know that it was coming from out of the country when i ordered it though so i could have anticipated it to come in two weeks
i bought this to use for my car, and i plugged it into my laptop and it connected fine. it does not have the apple logo so it is a generic cable, but it works! so far, so good, but i'll update if anything happens to it.
i needed a new charger for my iphone. charger was shipped promptly and works great! i give it a two thumbs up for value and quality.
i keep one in my plug in, one in my computer, laptop, pickup, kitchen and a couple other places. i bought a lots of these so i won't lose any calls.
it's gets the job done.
had no problems using with this cable, with my 3gs iphone.  used it to transfer from phone to computer and back.
just like my iphone charging cable! works perfectly great and haven't had any problems!!! glad i bought it especially as cheap as it was!
i needed this and was pleased to find it for so cheap! works great with my iphone 4! thank you!
it good work for my phone and a price is cheap. it good a deal. also deliveryis fast. good communication.
works with old iphone and ipad looking for a cheaper cable this works great can't complain. really like this cable.
thank you i love it   got her fast and in good timeing. highly recommended thank you very much!   jessica
this is a typical cord, i purchased it as a secondary cord for the iphone so that i would have more than 1 in case i lost it
i got this product very quickly, and have zero complaints! everyone knows when you need a new charging wire you need it quickly! i appreciated the promptness.
so far it works very well with my iphone 3gs and my boyfriend's iphone 4s. if nothing annoying happens later, i will buy one more.
have had his now for years & still working as good as the day it was received! awesome deal!!!!!
shipped quickly, works as well as the factory charger. i have had no problems with this product or vendor. i recommend
ordered 5 of these and got them shortly after.  they all work just fine, no problems.  i had to wait a little while, but not too long and they came in promptly.
not much to review for these.  bought 2 of them.  work perfectly for syncing and charging.  exactly like the cable that came with my iphone and ipod's.
paid less than $1. just wanted to have extra on hand at that price offered. we like the apple products.
sometimes these break easily, but for the price you pay, and the luxury you get with the extra long space, who cares. i love them. i've bought numerous and use them instead of the shorty ones.
what else to say. this cable works just like the one from that other company, and it was about 1/10 th the price.i should have bought a few more !
what can i say it's a connector for connection to. pc or charging device.but.it works great and there is no way that you can beat the price.
works great!  i have been using it since the day it arrived and it performs well every time i use it.
so this is a charger for your ipod or ipad or whatever. it works. it is cheap. buy 15 and have one in every usb port you ever run into.
this is my first apple phone and am loving the cords that come with it.  i think being white too, helps me find it way faster than the other black phone cords.
perfect for apple products.its does work for i phone,i pads,i touched.you would  not regret it.it is a good replacement for original products,and it cost you much less.
this is a great product. it works like it should on my ipad and so far i have had no issues. it shipped really fast, wish now i had ordered several.
great price and it still works great after two years of use. i can not tell any difference from the ones that come with the apple products.
this is really good. i would recommend it. worked perfectly fine to me. haven't had any issues with it. it's the same as the ones you buy at wal mart or target.
i have an ipod classic 160 gb and works great. syncs and charges inside my car with no issues. i would recommend this product. especially if you want to save money opposed to buying it at an electronic or apple store.
price and quality fantastic  my old one broke and the computer would not read it.  this one worked out perfectly
this charger is amazing for the cost!!! it's just like the original charger cord and it charges super fast!! a must buy for a replacement.
this product is excellent and deserves the five stars given, it is exactly as the original one i received when i bought my iphone.
these were 1 cent a piece when i ordered them so i got 10 my cat for some reason loves chewing on them so it works for me with shipping i think it was 3 bucks  cant beat that
it charges and syncs just like the original cable that apple sells for $29.  if you need an extra cable or a replacement one, this will work just fine, and there's no need to get a more expensive oem version.
the only problem is if you are in a bind and need one asap this is shipped on a slow boat from china.i like to have extra of these so i ordered a few.
purchased this to sync my iphone to my computer to download all updates as needed and to also use as my charger for my iphone. cannot go wrong purchasing this.
its a great opportunity to find something better deal compare to all other sites. tension free deal. good speed and great price.
i love it! it works just like a regular apple cable would, and i got it for hell of a lot cheaper than the real deal. it will withstand what i am going to put it through  
i bought this as a spare cable for an ipad 2, works as same as any other cable for a fraction of the price.
this charger has been working very well with my ipad2 and i've had no issues whatsoever! the charge time is also really good!
just got mines in the mail. so far it works perfectly, looks like it just came straight out the store. time to throw away the other two chargers that was giving me hell xd
just a standard iphone cable  the same thing you'll pay $30 for at the apple store. what a deal! i'm buying another one just because it's so cheap!
incredibly inexpensive product which makes owning an iphone more convenient.  it works, arrived on time.efficient.  inexpensvie.what's not to like?
i had a problem with an item. this vendor was super responsive with a replacement and extremely apologetic. i will do business with them again! thanks again for your help!
i bought the cord for 68 cents and it works perfectly, idk what's wrong with other people. came fast as well
it works with my ipad not my iphone. at lease not with my iphone. so beware of this usb cable
she'd lost her cord and had no idea what she was going to do. this was the right price so we got two. brand new as described and fast shipping.
it works great and was exactly as they said it would be if i needed one again i would come back
this arrived quickly, was a great value, and seems surprisingly good quality.  the fit is identical to apple original cables, which is important for those who like to charge their ios devices in case.  i will likely order more.
work just like the apple version.  i am very happy with this purchase.  would recommend it to anyone.  no regrets.
works just as good as the apple ones and you can't beat the price. makes me a little upset that apple actually charges what they do and rips people off like that.
gret great great great great great great great great great great ty ty very much to much to fill in
it works thanks i needed it alot i coudnt use my phone for a long time thanks the best charger
no issues with these. they all seemed to work fine with our 4 and 4s phones.  not as durable of a connection between the long cord and the end pieces as the oem stuff, but if you don't abuse them they work great.  can't beat the price.
i needed a new cord. i didn't have much to pay. this product fit the bill so long as i didn't need it right away. dirt cheap. took a few weeks though. i'm satisfied since i knew well ahead of time how long it would take.
very fast shipping for it to be coming from hong kong. looks just like the real thing. not the best quality but for the price you can afford to replace one every now or then
works as advertised and feel i got a very good deal. good value and works like it should. very happy
this charger was much cheaper than the apple ones and works just as well. will order again for other phones and tell my friends to order too!
i really have not much to review on this it is what it is works great for the price its worth
ordered two of these a few weeks back in replacement for an original one. i ordered two because replacements don't tend to last very long but this one is pretty cheap and has done work pretty well indeed. seems like this one will last a while.
i think it depends on who ships this to you, but i had great luck. cable came and syncing was not an issue for me at all.
this does what it says it does; it charges and syncs my ipod. not really much more to say about it, i picked up a few for my ipod and they've lasted me a while now.
this was my replacement for the item my dog chewed for my mom for christmas. works wonders. she loves it.
item was recieved quickly and worked as advertised. had an issue with the original purchase but they worked quickly and efficiently to replace the cable with a working one.
ive bought like 10 of these so far! they work great for the money and are so inexpensive that i can put them in all the parts of my house and in my cars. super convient! they are not apple quality but you cant beat them for the money!
this iphone cable works ok with my iphone 3g, it really comply with the objective that i wanted with this cable
it was brand new like it said. im happy with it. alot cheaper then buying it from a store. i would buy agian if i had to
its the best deal online for an actual working ipod cable lol. can anyone beat 60 cents. wtf?? really good people to deal with too.
the product works great!  just like a regular apple cord.  it took almost two weeks after the expected dated to get here, so the shipping is a little slower then said, but well worth it!
does everything the original apple cable does for about like 1/10 the price. what is there not to like, great product.
it was worth the wait cheap and works better than my factory chord this make a great back up or everyday
i wanted one of the new standard ipod/iphone chargers and i got them very cheap. it took several weeks to get to me but it was from china to the us. not much more to say but these chargers are a must for ipods and iphones.
i ordered it because i have a ipod and a iphone and i need 2 cords to charge it. yea its kind of cheap but i just need it to charge my ipod, which it does. i got it in the estimated shipping time. everything is fine to me.
i really liked it but unfortunately it broke im a try to fix. it worked great when it wasn't broken.
took a while to ship, but for $0.99, well worth the wait. i have used it every weekday since i got it to charge while driving. i works great!
works. period. looks like the one apply sells but a lot cheaper. its a great buy! nothing more to say.
great usb cable and charger, no issues at all charging. would definitely buy again. met all my expectations for sure.
needed an additional charging cable to leave at work. works just as good as a $20 cable from apple. great purchase!
this apple iphone usb cable worked perfect for my ipod and arrived very quickly.  i go through these cable pretty fast.
this is a good knock off product. it works perfectly and does not disappoint. much cheaper than the apple products.
product was what i asked for. good price and great customer service. easy to order my product as it was shipped appropriately as well.
fits itouch works great good quality just like the one that comes with your itouch standard cord not much else to it
not shabby at all. my adapter, along with the usb cord,  was stolen at a halloween party i hosted. needed to find a quick alternative so i got this one. works perfectly with my phone. great find for a great price!
have had no problems thus far! this exactly identical to the original apple cables and they are sturdy! do not waste your money on buying the original apple ones and buy these ones!
an exellebt product, looks and works like the oem apple cable, i can sync an charge my iphone without problem , i recommend yhis product, comes with a little plastic bag.
was what i was looking for love the price
i got them for my self and daughter and we loved them yes if you need them get them here there really nice
it is exactly like my apple charger, and it came 2 weeks before the delivery window. i am definitely impressed.
the charging cable we ordered arrived swiftly and a few days ahead of time! we were very pleased with the service,
it's always good to have extra chargers so you don't have to unplug from one location, move it to another, and then try to remember to bring it back to the original location. these cables are inexpensive and work as expected.
work perfectly with iphone 4s and it charges. i use it as my charge charger. and fast shopping i love it
i bought this cause my last cable broke it heats my ipod! i thought this might me fake but i got it 2 days ago! its is amazing! charges my ipod really quickly and it is made of good quality! great product! totally worth the money!! :d
worth the price for sure. i was expecting this to be good enough for my phone, its very close to oem, but might actually be. im not sure.
the cable works great with my iphone 3g  . it worked so good i ordered another one for the wife
my girls go thru these like they are candy.  my bad for buying them anything with an i at the front.  cheap enough to replace, i'll give it that.
i got this as a backup since mine was starting to not always work  and this one seems to work just fine.
these charging cables work excellent! thank you thank you thank you!! they are helpful in having extra chargers laying around
amazing that i paid one dollar for this and it works perfect. although i'm pretty sure it's a generic cable
i needed them and they came in just in time. this is a great deal.
this was exactly what i needed. it fit well with the phone. this shipping was good. item was in good condition. good price for it as well.
i have cats. that like to chew on cords. and chewed my other apple cords up. so i found these, and getting 4 at a shot was a godsend. now i keep my kittens away, and i have spares just in case.
great price and the product works great.  i am glad i ordered several.  if needed, i would order this again.
is exactly what it says it is. i am happy with the purchase. i can't tell the difference from my old one.
this was exactly what i wanted and it arrived perfectly the way they said it would. thanks for providing items for phones and other elcetronics.
what a bargain!  for less than a dollar a piece, and free shipping, i now have a sync/charging cable wherever i need one.  at the office, in the car, in the bedroom, and at my computer.  i got one for my daughter, as well.
these have been working pretty great for me so far and you can't beat the price. i highly recommend buying these!
i love it thank you so much i want more please have any more for me let me know if you have more colors
i received the usb sync and charging cable.  great price for great item.  this was a gift and it was very much liked.
everyone loves having extra cords for their iphone now i have like 5works welluse it a lot yeah
the cable was just as it is shown in the picture and works great.  i can substitute it out with my original iphone cable just fine.
if you need a replacement ,or just an extra charging cable, this one will do the trick. i keep it in a 2nd vehicle so that i'm never w/o the ability to recharge. good investment.
our other cable had broke, we needed a new one.  this one serves the purpose.  happy with the purchase. works well.
the title says it all   cheap, reliable, great buy.  it took about 2 weeks to get the cables which is pretty decent for something from hong kong.
my old cable fried out and this came and worked just when i needed it.  i keep a cheapo one for standby.
exactly as pictured, no problems with it. works the way it should, no complaints here! it was in great condition when i received it
i always like having extra usb cords at work or in the car or in my bag   so that i essentially can never be without a way to charge my iphone or ipad.
my charging cable for my ipod died me, and i needed a new one. the cheapest one i could find locally was $10. got this one for under $2 and it works just fine. i would buy again if needed in the future.
this cable looks like the original and so far has held up as good as the original charger from apple.
i forgot when did i buy it, also i can not find it now! so, i just leave a good message.
when the dog has a habit of eating these, i recommend purchasing these in bulk. cheap and they do the job.
my daughter lost her cable, or it broke, can't remember which, so we got this. it works great and now she no longer steals mine.
this wire is as described. it is not 3 inches.its 3 feet long. works perfect with my nano with no complication.
i bought this cable from importer520 and i'm very happy with it. it's nearly identical to the apple oem cable except that it's a little bit shorter and the wire material feels less "rubbery". importer520 is a safe vendor
i've had this cable for awhile and it works perfectly! i use it to charge my phone at work and i've had no problems!
these were very cheap cost cables compared to what appears to be the same from apple. i purchased 3 of them to have spares around instead of always chasing down from the car, house, etc. a very good purchase.
great product!!!! if i didn't no any better i thought it was an actual apple sync cable. charges and syncs. very good cable. i would recommend it for all apple devices.
i really liked this cable because it works the same. to think i was gonna buy  the same one for 10 dollars. thanks for saving me money!
everyone has a electronic device and cords always get lost. these solve the no its mine problem. glad we got them.
does what it should, charges my iphone 4s, transfer files, sync music, etc.  price @ less than $1.00 ea. couldn't be beat at the time i purchased (that i could find in a quick search of course).
legit. this is actually a really good charger cable ,its not one of those cheap plastic ones that cost 50 cents.
i have been using this cable for a couple of weeks now and i have not had any issues yet. i actually like this cable a little more since it is a little bit longer than the standard apple usb cable.
this cable arrived in timely fashion and perfect shape. it has taken me a while to review these products so i will tell you it's still working and no problems.
good price, good color, good choice.  i ordered this to replace my lost iphone charger and boy did this one look and work exactly like the old one.  whoohoo!
i needed extra wires for my iphone products. they work great! i carry this wire around as a back up if my phone dies. thank you!
still working n came sooner than was told. my ipod is charging perfectly thanks for this great product. great service
wife needs these as often as the granddaughter. between her and the dog, just don't know who needs more. arf
i was very skeptical with this product considering the price but it works perfectly!  for less than $1, you can't beat it!  i also received the product very quickly!
not much to say.  it syncs and charges. it seems a lot sturdier than the cable that came with the phone.
consistently solid product, unfortunately, my son goes through these like water. pretty standard, didn't have to wait too long, supplier was reputable, good to look at the reviews and found aok
the product works ok, i am happy with what it does. the shipping was a bit expensive but overall ok.
even though this is a generic apple charger it did work with no problem for my cousin's ipod touch (it's an old generation, probably the first one)
love it.  allows me to plug in and lay comfortably on my bed while utilizing my product.  definitely recommend this product.  arrived timely.
this was a really great deal.  the price could not be matched anywhere.  well worth in investment and the pice was great!!
you know how they say, you get what you pay for. this cable is just as good as an apple original manufacturer one.
works out fine
exactly what it says it is, the usb works well. my old one broke so i just had to buy a new one. these things aren't really made to "last" forever so i just buy 2 everytime one breaks, but it's way cheaper on here than in stores!
this usb works great i have it pluged into my car for over a month now for using my ipod and so far no problem.
good product only negative is the amount of time it takes to receive but it is traveling a long ways to the states
i have only used the charger once, but so far it works.  it was sent immediately.  the price was good also.
i needed some usb cables for my iphone since mine were starting to come apart. these were great for the price. but only lasted a couple of months and only worked with certain wall chargers .
the product works exactly like it is supposed to   i have not had a problem with it and i am extremely satisfied.
very good item at a very good price. great item that beets the retail store's buy a mile. so i bought 2.
the product is very goods. charges the iphone & ipod perfectly. no problem at all.and worth the money saved.
i've been using this cord with a dc usb adapter in my car to charge my iphone 4 for about three weeks now. no problems whatsoever. i'll update this review if anything changes, but for now   couldn't be happier.
usually i get a cheap usb on ebay or amazon but i'm surprised the usb still works, going on now my 3rd week  
hey this usb charger has been working awesome for my ipod and iphone no complaints at all charges just like apple brand
perfect fit for my daughter phone perfect perfect price and shipping price couldnt ask for a better product  will be back for morethanks
worked great and an even better price, the cable i bought came from hong kong so it took a bit longer but it worked great!
charger was recieved on time. when i opened it up it looked like the oem cable except for there were some slight differences. however the cable did work and it was at a very affordable price and that makes me a happy customer.
i bough another on for way more than i got these 3 and these actually work unlike the other ones
awesome product at a super cheap price!  thanks so much for a pain free transaction.  highly recommend this product to all.
can't beat the price, and i used prime to get it in 2 days.
great price for charger, just hate waiting so long it's almost been a month an i still have not received it.
i bought like like a hunder of them and i used them all and they al worked veery well and thanks
the item was great. i only didn't like the length. i thought i ordered a longer length. this serves as a back up.
great price in what you payed for !! in handy to have extra aroundto have car and the house
i bought two of these and i'm so happy i did. i use one in my car and leave one at work. i've had them for a while now and they still look like new and work great.
heavy duty cord was worth the price of ordering this online.  its a surprise when you get  the product in the mail.
looks exactly like the apple charger and works wonderfully. haven't had any issues with it. would recommend to everyone for an extra cable.
this usb cord is so reasonably priced and came in perfect condition. i am thankful for amazon and the provider of good products at good prices! thank you
these are not quite oem quality but are as close as i have seen.  the ends fit a lifeproof case and that is hard to find outside of oem apple cables.  shipping was a little long but i knew that going in they were coming from china.
great! it works really good.  it is sad that it is no longer than it is.  too short but it is not the sellers fault.
my previous cable was in very bad shape. this cable is perfect and it fits my phone perfectly. i needed one at home and i ordered more to keep at the office and another one for travelling.
this cord works exactly like the apple cord with the iphone 3s and 4s.i purchased several to allow me to charge my phones in the car in an emergency.
works just fine!  this product was so inexpensive, i was able to purchase a few of them   one for office, one for home, one to carry for travel.  they all work just fine.  satisfied with my purchase.
it did what it said it would.i am pleased with the product for the price.you should go for this, if the item title fits your needs.
there is absolutely nothing to complain about this cord. i can sync and charge great with this cable with my i phone 4. 5 stars all the way. if i can drop another star, i would. ;)
finally i have a cable i can charge from my car usb! i tried a few from amazon, even one from apple, but this is the only one did it for me. i am happy with it.
the item arrived on time with a great price. the item works great with my i phone and i pod. i would definately suggest this store
i needed extra cables since my cats like to chew on them on occasion, so this was a good buy
well i bought a few of these cables so,e worked and some did not i believe i bought five but those are the chances u take 3 of the 5 worked so i am happy paid close to nothing somy complain
they work great and at the price i got them i keep one at my work, my husbands work, my car, and a couple around the house.
needed an cable to keep near the pc for charging, downloads etc.  so far it has worked fine, is sturdy and does the job. great price for what i needed it for rather than pay apple's outrageous prices.
this works great with my phone. i will be ordering extras in the future in case i need them for anything
i love it and it worked great before my daughter broke it :( will need to order another one !!  the shipping was fast ! thank you !
i needed a bunch of these for my wife's and my plethora of apple devices and bought these. they look just like apples and so far are actually holding up better!
cheap version of the original apple cable but works fine for me. sometimes it get stack with not charging sing on top of the screen of my device but its ok, just plug it out and plug in again. should work.
works well, exactly what i needed.  received in just a few days!  able to share with my granddaugters.  now they can leave mine alone
works great for me. can't tell the difference between the original cable and this one. works fast.i guess it depends from the vendor you order from. so far i order 3 and they all work fine.fast shipping.
why buy somewhere else when amazon offered the same products at much lower price.the charging cable works great. i compared this cable to the cable that came with my ipad, same quality.
works as expected.thought may be fragile, but it turns out to be good.i'll update this comment if it breaks.
both my husband and me have iphone 4's and we didn't have any problems with the usb sync. i bought 4 and tried them in the car, wall and computer. they work perfectly just like if i bought it from apple!
item is compatible with iphone 4s. durable and seems similar quality to apple products. i was wary to make this purchase for less than $1 but thought i would give it a try and i'm glad i did. apple sells similar products for $15!!! awesome deal!
after contacting them customer service was great they responded very quick, also came to a resolution immediately, fair and exceptable i was pleased.
as described, works as expected. what more can you say about a cable that cost a buck? really good deal!!
this cable was the right one was able to charge my ipod and am very happy with it it was worth the wait.
worked perfectly, exactly as advertised.  couldn't ask for more.  used with older apple phone, absolutely no problems.  would recommend to anyone.
i think this is a knock off usb (i just mean i dont think it is an apple made one) however it is wicked cheap and works just fine with all my apple products.  will proably buy extras to have around the house and cars.
i bought the usb cable from importer 520.  the cord is indistinguishable from my original iphone cable.  the cord is excellent quality, and works as expected.
works great 100% of the time   fits perfectly for a non apple product.  i'd recommend this to save a little money on your apple accessories.
if youre looking for a cheap and fast alternative for a charger adapter this is it ,it works great on apple products
very good charger, it works very good for a great price. it got here fast too like in 3 days
chords work perfectly, they work just as good as the original chords that came with my iphone. you can't tell a difference between the chords.
this charger is very good. i liked very much. i will recommend this product to my friends. i loved it.
the product was exactly as described. authentic iphone chargers.  i bought one for every member of the family.  perfect transaction. thank you
work very good still using it and have not had any problems at all. i will be get another for my son.
i received my usb cord in a timely matter and it works great. no complaints. i recommend buying this. price was great too, .81 i think with free shipping. lol  
very smooth transaction.  exactly what we were looking for and very reasonable.  will be ordering a few more to have in each room and for the grandkids.
the usb cable works very well for my iphone3g. it does both: syncing and charging. no problem at all. the length of the cable is a bit short, though. i must say that this cable is better than the original one i got with the phone.
i got this product on the last day set by seller. product is gr8. i bought couple of otherthings from same  vender
it got to me quick and its the original one you get from retail stores. can't complain and it was worth the 93 cents i used
works great at a very low price! have recommended this to other to purchase. i would definitely buy again if needed!
love it.  it very the original.  cannot argue or complain.  will definitely re buy it again!!!  it took a while to receive it, but it was worth it.
the usb sync and charging cable can on time and it works better then the one i had its built a little stronger then the original  thanks  mm
i bought this item for under a buck! and i wasnt for sure i was getting scammed or not when i bought it. but i did receive my item and it works!
i am very happy with the product. works very good on apple iphone. i would order from them again. i emailed them and they replayed right away. i give the a 5 star rating
works from the time we opened this took a few weeks to show up but works look like the same as the original.
work just like the originals. haven't had a single problem. got a bunch of them so i can have one on each computer instead of toting one around with me everywhere.
works great. i was going to buy one but i saw they were less that a dollar a piece at that time i believe, so i bought 3 instead. they all work perfectly, i use one in my truck, at my computer and one for regular charging.
received my usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone (white) in record time!!! one can never have enough of them.  particularly when teenagers continuously &#34;borrow&#34; mine.
it fits perfect on the ipad/ iphone and i am very happy for not spending a lot of money on a charger that was more expensive and the same quality!
no problems at all, i ordered this for my ipod and it works totally fine but it's just been 3 weeks soooo. will see
item worked great. no problems or complaints. it did what i expected it to. the price was good. i am satisfied. thanks.
this charger is just like apple's charger except one major change, the price. the price is much less and does exactly the same.
good price for essential item
i bought a bunch of these at a great price and they work excellent for my iphone 4s. i now have one for the car, home, and office!
it came and does the job. it was at a great price.  i will recommend and would order again. thanks
these cables have worked as well as originals so far. it's great to have spares to charge wherever you want.
i do not see any difference between original cable and this reproduction. the cabe ships from asia so takes couple of weeks to reach. great price though.
i've had no problems with either cord from this seller.  none of the horror stories that others have noted from cheap apple charger cords.  just pull on the actual connector and not the wire.  no problems.
these are sturdy and solid, not cheaply made like some of the others. excellent purchase and worth the price. beats paying $20 for one cord.
love this product. operates just as expected. would recommend this product to others. would definitely do business with this merchant again.
works perfectly for both charging, syncing, and connecting in my car. i don't know why there are so many bad reviews. i have yet to have a problem with any of the 4 cables i ordered.
worked great. but the cable would bend and brake. it worked well for what it needed to. arrived at a good time
it is a good quality usb and it was at a really a good price , a little long on the wait but worth the wait!!!
the usb cord works just as well as the one i have from apple. i can keep this in the car and not have to worry about forgetting it when i travel.
what can i say, it does what it is supposed to do and it wasn't expensive. now they're coming out with a new standard   hhhmmmm.
cheap n affordable came before date of arrival also. for the price it is you can't beat it with a stick
these ere inexpensive and good as extras to have around   as these things always break for me . so now i have back ups
was exaclty what i needed, cheaper than paying the $20 at the apple store, and it is the same item.
received product on time. daughter has used it daily. need to figure out a way to make them last longer and the cord (on all of them that she has purchased from other people) have come apart from where it hooks into the ipod.
i have purchased many other cords on amazion and this is the only one that has lasted. it has held up nicley!
bought other &#34;original&#34; apple cables to find they were non working rip offs. this is legit and perfect. bought another one to have an extra.
great item, great service, great price.thank youa friend of mine told about where to find this item and i'm very happy
this is exactly the same as the cord that came with my iphone. it was a great purchase and came about 2 weeks earlier than anticipated.
they worked   that's good enough for me!
great product. great quality. took a while to get but overall it does what it says it will do. no complaints.
no problems thus far. worked like a charm. i rarely use it though so there's that.
i've had this for a month now and it still works great. it works just as well as the one i got from apple.
this cable works perfect i used it all the time i though cuz i got it online was goin to break but ones i got it i realise that this cable was just like ones that they sell in the apple stored.
at first i thought at least 1/3 cables i ordered would be dud but they all worked fine and came super fast! it was worth the price especially since the original apple usb cord is super expensive
its factory charging cords at a great price how can anything bad be said about that!!! it took them a while to get here but that's ok i didn't mind the weight lol
good cables and good price.  came in oem packaging.  no damage, everyone works out of the box.thank you very much would buy again.
works fine for our iphone 4s.  just needed an extra charger and this does the job.  took about a month to get in the mail though.
i am able to charge my iphone 3g, ipad 2 from a wall charger and sync through usb. no issues.
this price can't be beat. and the power chord works great. it is a wise choice for the ipod user.
these are the only ones i buy when my original apple transfer cable gets damaged. i would recommend it to anyone who wants to replace
these are pretty awesome. the quality is even better than i expected, feeling only a little bit cheaper than oem. even better, everyone said these would take forever to receive but they were in my hands within 6 days from vivid tech! i would definitely purchase some again.
product was effective and cheap have not had any problems with it. just a simple usb plug which functions properly.
these cables work just like the original apple ones but at a much lower price.  thanks for offering these adapters.
works great for connecting my i pod to my computer.  this item is a great bargain, well worth the price.  just be aware that it does take a couple of weeks for delivery, so be patience it is worth the wait.
just as described thanks
good cord. it is still working. i've had it a while now. only problem is the connector is too wide to fit in my phone when i have my lifeproof case in use.
it works thats all i can ask. i've boughten several of these. i have them all over the house. at this price, why not?
usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone, ipod, ipadit works with my ipod touch 4 without any issues. thanks for saving me $$ !ships fast ! perfect condition. sync's and charges just fine.
now thiiiis is what we should be paying for these cords! i'm so glad that someone was willing to sell this product at a decent price. they work perfectly and arrived on time. i'm very happy with the product!
this was used frequently and it was behind our bed. never tore and charged quickly.  several months later, it is now being used for my son's ipad.
i bought this charger for my husband. the previous one we bought from amazon quit on him (the wires were exposed). i got him this one, and it still works till this day. great buy.
works great and it does what it supposed to, i was happy with my purchase, everyone needs a extra charging wire around the house
it works with 4s.  the shipment takes a little longer than i like.  but for what i've paid, it is ok.
i bought these, along with some other cords and headphones, for an unbelieveable low price on amazon.  they shipped from china and look/work just like original equipment! that's hard to beat!
this was an excellent product i usee errrdayyy! i love this product so much it keeps my battery alive! woohoo!
same cable like the one i got in apple, but a lot cheaper, the cable is great to use nothing difference. i love it also the price. enjoy it
the product worked just as described and arrived at my house during the week it was supposed to. i have nothing bad to say about the buyer.
needed replacement.  cables don't last very long.  prices usually are very good,  but the cables need to be reinforced where the metal meets the wire.
came ontime.very nice,work great,looks great,worth it for price.im ordering more. i really like this product. not gone find it with the price.
i am very happy with these chargers! i received them alot faster then i thought and they work great. the price was so great i ordered 10 of them!
this product made my husband happy.  he wanted something to listen to while mowing the lawn.  my daughter and myself bought him an ipod for father's day.  now with this product, he can listen to his ipod while driving his truck also.
this aftermarket charger works great. i purchased two and we have not had any issues whatsoever. works just as well as the original oem cord in my opinion for a third of the price!
have the first ipod video and needed a new cable. had to force it in the first time i used it. i thought it wasn't going to fit but it works great!
i have a 4g ipod touch and this charger works great. plus it's really cheap. it's a great price for a great product.
i was skeptical because they were so cheap but they arrived after a week or so from china and were pretty much identical to the real apple product for a fraction the price
works perfectly and there is no reason to buy this at retail price as they all work exactly the same.
this cable is a perfect replacement for those pesky ipod/ipad/iphone cables that seem to idisappear. compatible with all the "i" devices for synching and charging.
i received the cables very quickly and was immediately impressed with the quality. i started using one of them with no issues and works just as effective as the original cable. recommend it.
i received the usb charger in a very timely manner.  was actually surprised how quickly it arrived.  i have been using for about 2 weeks and have not had any issues.  it is great to be able to charge phone in the car.
this is a perfect replacement for the ipod classic 5th gen usb cable. got it for use in the car, and it's worked great. it takes some abuse and is still charging away.
just needed an extra cord for the phone and didn't want to spend a lot. this seems to be perfect for that. it isn't very long, but is similar to the length of original cord.
these cables fit snuggly and look clean just like their apple counterparts. i can't speak to their durability, but you can buy 22 of these for the price of one apple brand usb cable, so even if you assume the worst, they're still a bargain.
awesome worked like a charm.used it with my ipod and worked fine.thumbs up.i can buy alot more of these for backup
very good sander and faster sand tank you for vary match and i will want bay anything  in any time
this is unreal deal , work as good as the real apple one for a lot less . very happy with it .
worked great and was just like original.for that dollar was great spend.didnt look like a knock off and charged and synced well
for the price, this item is awesome. i will buy more since i like to take my iphone and ipad with me when i travel.
sometimes you just have to replace your original cord. this replacement has actually lasted longer than my original cord. great price to. it was only .99 cents when i bought it. perfect!
they are pretty similar to oe. they sync and charge just like stock. i cannot attest to longevity as i have only had em a couple of weeks but, so far so good. i say if you want functional, comparable, cheap cables. go for it.
bought a five pack of these as these cables can go bad, and five will last more than long enough for me!
great product. fully compatible with the computer and ipod. i would highly recommend this to anyone interested in buying. the product was delivered on time and the quality was damm good!!
needed a new, brand new in packaging, works great, easy hook up easy to store, great buy for the money
took a little while to get here but thats not exactly surprising since it came from china.  a great deal
it charges and syncs, hard to really have anything negative to say about it.  way cheaper than buying it through apple or any local stores around me.
it worked like a charm, i didnt think was going to work as good as what i paid for but i was so wrong. thnx. i will in future buy 1 2 more just to have . :d
love the product for my iphone.  i lost the first one by leaving it in a motel room and someone finding it and keeping it.
expected it to feel cheap and flimsy for the price, but it actually looks and feels like the one you get with your ipod/iphone. came before expected delivery date and works great.
i ordered this cable when my old iphone charger broke. the price is unbeatable and works exactly as advertised. the shipping was fast; i placed the order on a thursday evening and it came the following monday morning. charger works great with my iphone 4. 5/5 would buy again
came on time, and is working as it should. pretty amazing alternative to 20 times more expensive apple.nothing more to add
i broke my original cord so i had to buy a new one, this one worked perfectly, i had no issues with it
i caint beleive on how much this is compatable with this works on all apple products,not to mention my android too.wpw so buyin from this seller again
item arrived quickly and as described. seems to charge a bit slower than the apple cords. fits the wall plug from old charge cord.
i took advantage of the special they were running and stocked up on these as extras to my iphone 4s. these do not appear to be genuine apple cords instead of imitation. i have not experienced any problems or issues when using these.
i needed one to replace my old one because it was stripped from mis use.  i know now not to tug at the cord to unplug.
ir is a great charger, i use it everywhere. car,bus and car. it is very durable. i will purchase mire for friends and family.
this is a great buy . saves every one in my house from fighting over charging cords!  will buy more supplies.
what can you really say? its a ipod charger. it charges my ipod. do you want me to say its the best ipod charger in the world? its amazing. i love it.
so much cheaper than buying in the store and is the same thing! we made the mistake of buying the same thing at the at&t store.wow what a difference in the price!
this is just what i needed you would think that they would not stop working but i have had a couple of them stop working and needed spares.
daughter cause her worth less father takes hers away so she cant call her mother, so i buy several and she hides them in her bags he takes one not realizing she has another one hidden
it was a back up for my niece and she loved it. so she didn't have to remember to bring it ,if she staid over. its  convenient to have an extra.
generic brand, but you can't even tell. it gets the job done. i love it and will need more someday.
works like an oem cable. the price is great and product is great. at this price, i bought 4 more so i don't have to remember my cable when changing location(car, room, computer, etc)
excellent for the price. i bought 3 of them.one of them had marked incorrectly which side goes up on phone. i figured out and it's working after reverting it.
this product is small but very important if you want to sync your ipod. it works fine, couldn't do with out it.
it's not the original apple brand but it works just the same. the plugs feel cheap but they work just the same as the original cable. great product for the price you pay.
the ipod cable work perfectly with the ipod it is extremely useful for everyone with an ipod ipad or iphone a must have
arrived by the time it said and it's what i needed. no problems and couldn't beat the price.  i would definitely recommend!
the usb sync cord works well and is a great, perfectly priced item. the item shipped fast too! i am very pleased with them [i bought two and might buy more].
i purchase this cable for my ipod and it works great. i love it and so happy i got it at a great price compared to other stores. thank!!
good buy, fits my phone good,charges it up fast never had a problem with it ( knock on wood) ,perfect!
i received this product and enjoy it completely. it has worked great from the start plus you cant beat the price and free shipping. i have also ordered other products from them so i hope to receive great products and serves.
met my expectations. works well and was very affordable. i'd highly recommend this product if your looking for something inexpensive and that's high quality.
does its job! but its not apple and it doesn't feel or look like it. that being said it was a penny, it works. that's good enough for me!
this usb was good to me. i still am currently using it and it has been months. the white usb cords works better in my opinion.
when i received this in the mail from hong kong, i was amazed that for $0.89, i could have plastics and metals collected from around the world, designed and formed into this cord, and shipped around the world in short time to my doorstep! works fine!
its a good cheap cord and gets the job done. charges the ipod quickly and easy to plug into the computer as well
these cords are great for replacing the original ones for iphone's. the work great and go perfect with the home block charger and car charger
it works like it is suppose to and it has a fast charge time for my phone i love it
the product is amazing. it arrived more than 10 days before it was supposed to get here, and the seller even give me a free gift for purchasing the first one. i will definetly be buying from this seller again !
my husband has a i phone , and is constantly needing new cords , he looses them , so he loves that i can get these cords from amazon !
what can i say? it's an apple charger. it chargers my ipod touch just fine and syncs with my computer
good cable, works well. it is generic but it charges and syncs my iphone 4s. i have several of them because they aren't expensive and do the job.
this product didn't go to the right address, so you neeed to make sure you double check that before ordering. otherwise, it was exactly as described and works fine!
i was a little weary about the fact that it was only $.95 with shipping included, but it works just great! it's much better than the $10 cord i bought at a walgreens. that one broke on the first day. i love this new one. i totally recommend it.
i haven't used it yet, but it's your basic iphone charger  where can one go wrong.  delivery, as forecasted  check.  item, exactly as shown in picture  check.
price can't get better than this. it took about two weeks to arrive but is here now and i can finally charge my ipad
works with my iphone 3gs perfectly for both charging and data transfer. i have tried charging with the apple ac usb adapter and also with windows and linux computers. very fast shipping too!!
i haven't had any trouble with it and it does exactly what it is supposed to.  good purchase for the price.
we used these for over a year (kept one in each of cars and one in my overnight bag). they fit and functioned quite well.
i ordered this because i just wanted to have an extra charging/syncing cable to carry around. it ships from ca and i ordered it on sunday and got it on friday. overall it's woth it.
this cord has never given me a problem.  honestly, i forgot that apple didn't make it. if you need one, there's no reason not to get this one.
works good just as expected. in good shape very easy to use and very durable as well. haven't been disappointed yet.
the delton premium iphone 4s data sync cable is cheap as hell and it works perfectly, it is so cheap i bought 5
i'm still using it i have no problems with it when it comes time to replace i will buy again.
i got the idea even before the estimate delivery date! my cable fully got worn out and i needed to replace it as it even stopped charging my phone. now i got a new one, clean, white and works perfectly!
i bought two of these, because my boyfriend was constantly borrowing his brother or sister's cord. so i bought him one and then a back up one. they worker great, and you cant beat the price with a stick. very happy and well worth the money and the wait.
worth it. usually sells for over $15 in the store. great deal. works awesome. i will be ordering more soon
a good price and an item that works like it supposed too. highly recommended for anyone with an iphone who wants a little more length than the usual 3 feet.
not too much to write about this product. it's a simple usb cable, and as long as it transfers, recognizes, and does all what it should do, it deserves its five stars. recommended.
these work great charge great ,they dont feel cheesy like other cables do or weak feel? thier working out fine for me.
hasnt messed up and its been a month so yea
impossibly inexpensive.  these cables are identical to the apple cable that came with the phone. now i don't have to drag my cable with me everywhere. arrived really fast as well.
works as good as the pricier oem cables. great for those needing an extra set of cords for emergencies or even as a replacement. highly recommend ~ these are a fraction of the price of the apple cables.
awesome this product works great and its just what i needed and the price was fantastic way better than walmart.
this arrived a little ahead of schedule and was just as expected! great price and just what my daughter needed to charge her ipod.
it works great, i've had it for a while, and it was really cheap. i am satisfied with the purchase.
works great with my ipod. i have no problems with it charging my ipods. i bought this due to misplacing my original cord. this is now my backup cord and one that i leave at work to charge my ipod up, which is nice.
works perfect with my ipod classic. came exactly as described. thank you for the well priced usb data ipod cord.
i got two of these to have on hand since i have a cat that likes to chew cords. they both work very well on my ipad, ipod classic, and ipod touch.
one of these don't work very well but i will keep it. i can use it sometimes with the hook up
works great use it everyday! i would tell anyone who wants a good charger buy this one it's not cheap looking looks like a real apple charger and i love it!
people complain that these don't work but mine has worked for a year and it sure beats paying $30 for a cable
most places charge almost $15 for this cable.  can't beat this great price and it works great. i look forward to more products like this and for great savings. now i can keep one cable in my car and one in my house for charging my ipod touch.
bought this as replacement for my lost iphone 3gs cord.it's the generic version and works just as good as the apple one, but costs way less. therefore, i recommend it.
i got it because mine broke. do to the wire was so thin. this one was thick works great and great $. thanks &#128077;
one doesn't expect the charger cable to go bad but i had two different ones on different items go within two days. was very happy to find just what i needed and glad to be able to charge my phone!
although i gave you 5 stars for quick shipping, the item did not last very long.  the rubber is coming away from the ends, showing the wire, and the item does not always work.
i chose this rating because what i ordered definitely met my need. i am grateful i could get it for a much cheaper price as well.i am pretty sure if i need anything else i know where to go to find it.
item came on time and they work great. they seem to keep clean easily also. they are great for their price, i would recommend these to anyone.
it's good and i like it because when i put my phone on the charge it's charge fast and i love it
the product works perfect and came quickly. i am completely satisfied. i know where ill go if i i ver need another.  thanks alot  
this cord works well with the ipod touch which was what i used it with, it properly syncs, charges, and holds up to being stepped on. (i tested that out one by mistake.)it is a quality product.
good cable. one of the few generic products i have purchased that has worked beyond a few month, so it is worth the purchase.
i plug it into one place n leave it there. hopefully i have no problems. so far i have had 0.
item was delivered on time in a cushioned envelope. item looks exactly like an original ipod cord except for the usb symbol. the usb symbol is bigger than the original. good quality for a cheaper price.
i bought two of these items so i could leave one at work as well as home.  they work perfectly and they look identical to an actual iphone charger cable.
this works great i needed an extra plug and i got it for a good price it looks just like the one on the computer and i was very happy with my purshase .
exactly like an apple charger, only 7% of the cost. i buy them in bulk. there's never too many charger cables.
came in handy to my ipod and phone. glad to have ran into this item.  lol, i shouldv'e got a few more so i can have spares in the car and home thanks
i am enjoying this product. i mean, it's a cord and it does what it is supposed to do. beyond that, it was fast shipping and a fabulous price!
it works as advertised and is cheaper then in the store what more could you want.this is a product that works.
i got this cord for my ipod and it worked great. true to everything will be buying lots more. amazing
fast shipping, and no issues at all since owned. still works great! these are great replacement cords that last well!
worth the money. cheap, works, what more to say? unlike the car charger i bought from this company that doesn't work, i have no complaints on this product.
it was exactly what i was looking for with a great price. quality of the item was great as well.
charging cable was as described and arrived much sooner than advertised.  i would recommend this cable to others without hesitation.
works exactly as it should.  charges my kindle fire hd 7&#34; quickly.  thanks for a reliable product.  happy purchaser, thanks again.
i bought these because my iphone cord stopped charging my phone.  i bought several of these they don't charge with the attachment for wall plug.  but they do work very well with any computer.  i would buy again.
for the price my expectations were not high at all, i can honestly say it works extremely well!  love it!
cheap price and worked well. i needed a backup cord, i saw many negative comments on generic cords but this one did great
great price with great product! about 3 weeks i got it. nice! comparing to the great price, the 3 week is nothing!
my ipod charger broke and i thought it was finally time that i buy another one.the charger did not come for a whilebut eventually camethe wait was worth it and the charger worked perfectly even for a cheap china made fake.
the cord is holding up pretty well wirh the amount of use that it gets.  good quality and easy order access.
i have absolutely no problems. it works great as a back up charger. it also saved me a lot of money.
the cable arrived within a few days. i have not noted any difference in performance between this cable and the original cable from apple. for 1/15th of the price of the cable from apple, it was a great deal.
my husband is a gadget fiend.  this will be great for his &#34;toys&#34; and will come in handy for his apple products he owns.  you can't beat the price that is for sure!!!
works well with iphone 4. fits properly in the otterbox case and has rounded edges. looks and feels like an apple. bought several of these to charge and sync my phone.
item well built, looks very attractive, it the envy of others.love the phone case. i am very just happy with the appearance oft this item.
i should buy more.teenagers are brutal on this stuff
it works great havent had a single issue with it like my last usb that was very old. so im happy
always need a spare. this is a perfect one. works great just like the one that came with my iphone.
ordered 2 from rapid orders and received within 4 days, that is super fast! both works great with no issues so far. great deal comparing to oem cable!
some reviews i read indicated that these were not quality items. i do not find that to be the case. as a matter of fact, they look and function equally as well as the originals that i received with my 3gs.  they are a great value.
can't be mad at this thing! it's inexpensive but it has been working just fine for years. can't beat it!
long time to arrive, but works great on ipod touch and ipad. much cheaper then buying from apple and i haven't had any issues with it.
my daughter got it for some apple product to replace the one that it had come with but that she lost.  she had to spend her own money on it.  she was happy.
i had an old ipod that i lost the charger for.  the sanoxy usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple was the perfect fit.
comin from a teenager i think this product is exactly what you are looking for if you are reading this. it charges without hesitation and syncs to your computer with no problems. need an iphone/ipad/ipod usb. best quality for best price no liee
i purchased these cables not expecting too much for the price.was i surprised. great cables, great quality, and they do the job.i could not be any happier with cables at 4x the price.they are great.
looking for a new iphone cord, this company had a great price! took a little longer to receive but that wasnt a problem i wasn't in a hurry, otherwise just what i needed!
i had broked my charger twice and got it for 25.00 dollars but i am getting it for 3.00 dollars just amazing.
it got here super fast! and it looked exactly like an apple not charger not some replica. as soon as i got it, i tried it and it worked perfectly! very happy with the product, should've purchased one more for my grandma's iphone!
works great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love it. shipment was fast and quick. came just in time before my phone completely dyed on me
i was very satisfied with my purchases. in addition to the quality being just as what would be expected if purchased in a store, the price was far more reasonable then what would be found in a regular retail store.
great deal very happy happy happy and gray price compared to other a big win for allhappy happy happy and happy
love the price. came sooner than said so that was nice. if i need more i know where to go.
it works just as good as the original that came with the phone and at a very good price too.
well, this one is cheap! but it works just as good as original usb cable. shipment is usual (from china, about 1 month). if you can wait long to get a cheap and functional one, u can try this.
this item is at a great price and this company did great customer service.  i emailed them and they responded right away.
works great and the price was right; no need to pay the big bucks, this thing just works and you won't feel too bad if your poodle chews it up for supper.
usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple's product, its really nice an save of lot of unconfortable and disapointed trips to the store not finding what you need. this iis an excellent way to get it.the description of the item was as described, fast delivery, and nice.
i received this product a week after ordering and found it very well made and sturdy. my son uses it daily and it holds up well. i would recommend this product and company for its quality product and service.
this generic apple compatible cable is of surprisingly high quality. it exceeded my expectations. it works perfectly. in fact i plan to order more of the products featured by this seller.
i got a great price for these chargers and they all work great with my iphone, thank you so much!!
very reasonable price compared to apples. you always need extra cables since the ipod is portable. it should come with at least two cables. the cables i received are not noticably different from the one that came with my ipod touch.
i purchased 4 of these from the oem planet and they are almost identical to the ones you get from apple.  they even fit my iphone which has a full case on it.  definitely recommend the company if you have a full case on yours.
omg, this product is a better fit than any replacement or universal replacement knock off.  i have not needed to by another cable, very durable.
very inexpensive, and well made. i am an avid apple product fan, but sometimes i am not willing to pay apple prices for everything. this is a great replacement for an otherwise $20 cable.
this product not only arrived very quickly but also works just as well as my original ipod cord.  i purchased two of them so that i have a spare as i seem to very hard on ipod cords.
it is always good to have an extra cable for the car or home. it is a good quality product and suits my need.
looks and preforms as well as the overpriced cables sold at the apple stores for a fraction of the apple price.i use it to charge and sync my iphone with no problems.
its the same as the original that came with the phone and just as durable. i would gladely purchase this product again.
it  truly  couldn't believe that for less money this cable is better than the original! i bought 5 thinking that they were probably cheap knock offs, but they arem't.
it may take a bit long, since its coming from hong kong. but it's definitely worth the wait, instead of paying 8 dollars for one u can get 25 for that price.
received order promptly ! this was my second order with this company and both times received my orders withou any problems what so ever! highly recommend!
seems like original equipment quality. fits fine in my iphone 4s and ipod. must use with computer or get a standard apple charger to plug into the wall.
it's great!  you can't beat the price.  it works great, and it got to my place as advertised.  yes, i'd recommend this product to cost conscious users who need a replacement.
i read other reviews and was concerned that some may not work, but all 4 i ordered work just as well as original!
works as advertised and has an attractive white cover. it arrived quickly and was put to use immediately buy the kids. no complaints or complications. it was inexpensive.
allows me to charge and connect everywhere i go.  i already had one for home but didn't want to take it to work or use in my car.  so i ordered two more.
a good item without the heavy price. if you want a chord that is close to the real thing than this is it.
just like came with the phone.  so much cheaper here than the apple store.  paid over $40 dollars at an airport electronis store.
it's not long but it works. great for my iphone and it lasting longer then the one that came with my iphone. it's a great buy for 69 cents and a great cable. i'll be ordering more. thanx so much for making a cable that will last.
the cable from cellular 5 star is the one you want. it's similar quality and a near copy of the apple oem cable. i'll buy more of these as i seem to leave them in hotels a lot.
for some reason, apple does not pack the quality in the accessories as it does with the iphone,ipad, or ipods. when you need a new charger, i would suggest the purchace of this product.
i always take my charger out of the house so this is my back up incase i leave mine somwhere like work.
works great and alot cheaper than buying the name brand one. using it as i spare. i will recommend to buy it as the price was great too.
it's a great product and good looking as my original one but in lower price, i like it! i hope it will be durable and i think so~
was as advertised. delivery was a bit slow, but i was in to hurry. 10 ft. cord is just perfect.
this is working well and i bought this a year back and no problem. this is very good product for the price.
this product is very inexpensive and it works with my ipod tocuh 4th generation and my ipod nano 4th generation.
i needed this item so i could transfer data from a computer to a new iphone.  this purchase did the job.
nice cords fast service very satisfied thank you
was looking for an affordable synch cable for our ipod and other apple products. this fit the bill quite nicely.
this came earlier than i expected and it is working just fine. i was a little worried with all the reviews, but it works so far.
got several of these sync cables for apple iphones, ipad, and ipods just to have some spares and every one of them has been really good. i would order more of them.
very cheap, high quality, and it works just exactly as indicated. i bought four of these because they were so inexpensive, so i can have one in my car and some others for backup in case i lose them or decide to lend them to friends who've lost their own!
fast shipper and they all look and work just like what came with my iphone.great price on them too. will buy more
good quality  and overall i would highly recommend this cable it charges great mine t also synchronizes well. definitely buy it
it works perfectly. they are not exactly the same as the apple usb cable (to be expected) but it still worked.
this was an extremely amazing deal. it works like a charm and really comes in handy when working on business from my ipad!
there isn't really much to say other than that it works and charges my device as promised. i was actually concerned that it wouldn't just because its a really old device, but the touch works fine with it.
5 stars good product.just what i needed. took forever to get here but the price was awesome. why complain?
hard to beat this price and quality. couldn't exactly say the difference between the original apple supplied iphone cable and this one. excellent quality and there are no issues so far. will definitely do business with the seller again. highly recommend this product!
the product arrived on time, and despite the low cost, it looks exactly like an apple charging cable and it works just as well with my ipod.
the charger works as intended. it did take 3 weeks to arrive as stated.  would recommend  it to others. this is on a 4s
works pretty well for my itouch 4.
i love the usb sync and charging cable for my ipad and itouch!  i love mine so i needed another one and the price was great.  thanks
the price was low and quality was good.it was compatible with i phone.the color was good too.that saves money.
buena compra. buen producto. habia perdido mi conector y ahora que tengo este producto, puedo usarlo de nuevo sin problemas. lo recomiendo. lo entregan sin problemas
these are great! they work just fine
this charger is really good but when i try to plug it in it is hard to do that  i think u should buy it cause it really works
this really well i scared it would break but it was just fine and i has no problems whatsoever. great product
its not the name brand one or anything its just a charger that works, keep that in mind.    ,
this product does just what i wanted it to and its working wonderfully. if i am in need of another one i will surely be coming back to purchase again.
if you buy the same cable from a cart in any mall or from a gas station they charge 10 bucks. it was far better compared to those and 200% worth more than a dollar.
good usb wire to charge my ipod, i would recomend it. i bought 2 cables, one for my ipod and 1 for my ipad, really good price.
i purchased 2 cords from oem planet. looks and works same as the one from apple. i am using it for my iphone 4g, it works great.
the cord works great for a much lower price than purchasing it from the apple store which carries the exact cord for much more.
i got my item earlier then expected! i was surprised when i opened the package that i have gotten two not one an  i love them they work good !
this is  a cable similar to what apple sells and worked great out of the wrap!!! charges the iphone and transfer  photos/videos just like original cable.
it was all that i was looking for. i purchased one for my office as well. i love it. very helpful.
this cable works great! it was compatible with my older ipod & worked fine with my computer. i'm using it quite often.
cheap and works excellent! i bought 2 of them for extras and they work flawlessly! i would buy 10 more if i had the need
works exactly as it is supposed to and it was ridiculously cheap. would recommend to anyone that still has an iphone 4
hooks up to an ipod just like it should and works to transfer files and charge the unit. performs to expectations.
these are the exact apple produced cables that come standard with iphone/ipod devices. great quality and work just as they should.
this iphone charger looks great, works great, and arrived on time.  it comes in a nice pouch as well.  i couldn't be happier with my purchase.
product got to me very fast. it was exactly what i wanted and was reasonably priced for a product that is for a apple product.
i have no idea how the seller could sell this for sixty cents and mail it with delivery confirmation   and   i don't care. this is a great product it is charging my iphone 3gs with absolutely no issues. it's been over a month and no issues.
i personally didn't use it for the iphone cable i just used it for the usb part of it.  but this is more equal too the the value of the ones that apple makes
i don't see a difference between the original and the one that was purchased. making the choice was not difficult.
i didn't have any problem with this article. i think it is fine. that is all i have to say.
this is a great quality cable.  i've had no problems with it at all.  it does sync and charge as it says.  
i bought one to my husband, he feels very good, we used it for long time, it still work good
thank you very much for such products. i am very pleased with this purchase   it is very practical and very efficient. thank you very much. i am very pleased.
the product came in tip top shape and works better then i hope it would. it is a good buy.
this cable does everything it should and does it reliably for a fantastic price. i know there is some junk out there for iphone accessories but this is identical to the factory charge cable in my opinion.
i can't tell any difference between these and the oem apple connector.  neither can my iphone, and my wallet actually sang a song of happiness.  great deal!
i had a broken wire in the first place and now they gave me a brand new one for free.
i needed one for my ipod because the old cord i had previously had a bad shortage. this one i ordered works great! the cord is not too long or too short.
the cords were nicely made and they operated perfectly. no issues here, and they are cheap. go ahead and buy!
works great, i bought this extra one because i have a big house and don't want to go hunting for a charger everytime i need one. i just keep a few around the house. works just as well as the one that came with my phone.
bought these as back up chargers for myself and boyfriend. so far so good.  great price and buy. definitely reccommend
this item arrived sooner than i expected considering it came from hong kong i would order again!!!!! great item yeah
i ove this cord bkuz it soo much mre compaitble to my apple products than those cheap cords.i reccommend this to every apple product user
t h a n k y o u v e r y m u c h o r d e r a g a i n
again works perfectly!!!no w ca n i ju st take so me ti me to le t y ou know!!thank youshawn stopper
needed some replacement chords for my apple products and this more than fits the bill.  we bought them and have three in storage for when the new ones get torn up one way or another.
i needed new charge wires and more and these worked great. cheap and pleasurable experience with buyer. would buy more again.
this product fit our ipod perfectly and is charging great!  the price wasamazing and made this a wise purchase.  i was not aware when iplace the order that it would take so long to arrive.but it was wellworth the wait which required a bit of patience!
thank you, just what i need for work to make sure that my iphone is charged at my job and i'll be happy
these are the best usb charging cables. easy to use, easy to clean. i carry in my purse without any damage whatsoever.
can't get a better product for this price. works very much similar to the real product. no complaints. get it!
the cables were exactly what i was looking for.they fit my iphone and are great to have available in more thanone place in the house to charge my phone.
still working after 2 months.  and for $.88 what more can you ask for!  works great and fits perfectly in my iphone.  haven't run into any problems with it.
great buy, for a even greater price! product is as drescribed. would recommend to anyone.i bought more than one! =)
i have an iphone 3gs. although this cable that i got is not manufactured by apple, it looks just the same in appearance and functions the same. i use it mainly in my car and it works perfectly fine.
it is great for price. remember you get what you pay for though.  my not work with all usb chargers or last forever but they are are still great
i still have the first ipad and it now looses battery life quite rapidly.  so i bought another cable for the car.  great choice.  it works perfect and at this price, i'll probably buy a few more as spares.
hey for the price i paid it did the job. just know that it actually take the amount of time it says it takes
this cable works great , i have a lot of apple products so i bought a bunch of these. the price was just wright.
looks pretty legit almost like the real thing. ships in a well protected yellow envelope type thing with bubble wrap on the inside. the cord works well and its strong and doesnt rip at the ends as muych as the actuall ones. i totally recomend this product for anyone.
works as if it is original cable and the price is awesome; really will recommend to all my friends; great deal
you get what you pay for! if you need a cheap charger this is it. works with my iphone4s and girlfriends itouch
after reading all the negative reviews i was skeptical. truth be told  there's no difference between this and the factory made cables, at least from my pov. the only thing is it took like a month for these to come, so it's not for you if you need it right away.
no issues at all. ordered two and they both work great.  nice cheap cable to keep around in different places.
i ordered this as a replacement for the one that came whith my ipod nano that broke and so far it's held up great.
i use my ipod with several devices in various locations. i needed spare sync cables and these work for me.
came in time and serves the same purpose as the expensive other option from apple. i have been using it for around 20 days now with no problems.
not much to say about this. it works well with both my iphone 3gs and ipod nano. of course, these won't work with the new iphones or ipods.
i have had this charger for a few weeks now and it works just like the original one that i had and got with my iphone. low cost and fully functional!
good little wall charger for the apple iphone (or other iproducts). tested it out, and it seems to be working fine. received product on time, even though it shipped from hong kong (really, postmark and everyting).  reasonably priced.  will buy from this vendor again.
it is working good as i expected! price is good as well. l love it! good replacement for the original one!
i get this cables all the time, cheaper than apple cables & they do the tricki have one in the office at work, the computer room at hm & in the car
love it!!! this charger was cheap and worked great just like the 30bucks ones. my charger had a short in it and i didn't want to pay 30 more bucks so i got this one and i'm glad i did i saved 28bucks!!!
i bought this cord for use with an ipod. the cord works perfectly linking my ipod with my computer and also charging the ipod.
this cord does exactly what it is meant to do and is cheap to boot! i would definitely recommend it!
i recieved the item way before the estimated delivery date, although the cord isn't as nice as the ones you get with your iphone they still work and do the job!!
2 of my apple cords have died.i was thrilled when this worked just as great!!!! my iphone and ipod both charge great! no overheating issues here!
great quality.  the price was awesom and my daughter was very happy to get it as a gift for christmas
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone. the cord came when they said it would maybe earlier.
it is cheap, works and worth it, get it if you need extras! this prodcut is worth the money and much better than buying it from apple directly
i had to replace the original cord that came with my ipod because although it was still working, the white cover that is over the wires started to come apart. this was a good price, with fast shipping.
works for its intended purpose. good to have a few extra of these lying around the house if you have any apple products.
its only a dollar so you get what you pay for but they haven't broken yet for me! and i've had it for 4 months so far
i am always buying cords for my phone.it beats paying 14.00 & up for a phone charger, and they really work.
i like this cable it's like the original. never buy an original coz it will just empty your pocket. so far everything works fine for me.
product was a great price, and arrived well before the estimated due, which is always a plus. the product is a replica of apple's usb cord, and works just as well. recommend for anyone with apple ipods, iphones, ipads, etc. always good to have extra cords on hand.
cannot beat the price but cable is a little hard plugging into phone unlike original cable which goes in easy. still, it works fine.
it's frustrating when the apple phone charging cord either gets stretched or stops working . these replacement cords are a++ quality. i bought a couple of them. great safe investment. they work like a charm !!!
excellent product, works great. shipment was fast.  i have no problems with this item. i highly recommend this item without hesitation.
i've had the usb cable for 30 days now and it still works great.  no issues, no overheating, no messages about the product not working correctly with my iphone 4.  everything works as it should.
how can something be &#60; $2 including shipping from taiwan?  i don't know and i don't care, but if you have time for it to get to you then this is your deal!
i read some bad reviews and was skeptical, so  when i received these, i tested them all with my iphone and every one worked (5).  price, delivery and performance was great.
the cord is perfect, it charges fine. i was glad it arrived when it did because my ipod charger went out.
this has worked well for awhile now, was inexpensive and came quickly. i would recommend this. has been a good product.
great item and a great price! the iphone usb cords were new and they work perfectly. i would purchase again.
i got this for my ipod old fat 18gb one and it works grate no problems. it came on time.
just what i needed and what is in add thanks could not be happier thanks again i would works great
received product extremely fast. their 'make it right' service was so welcome. i had an issue with the usb cord, but it was taken care of easily and with no hassle. will be a returning customer.
great price, came early, great quality! now i have one for the house, the car, and for work! thank you!
my grandkids needed one of these for their ipod and i just started looking and found this at an increditable price
if you are planning on buying this do it as fast as you can because this cord is amazing. this is not the original apple cord but it is a definitely a contender.
i wanted a cable which i can use in my car. this is really an amazing cable. my iphone 4 gets charged in less time than the original charger. just ordered 1 more. i will recommend this to anybody looking for a cable.
a few months after buying my iphone the apple ones broke because of how it was plugged in i bought this as a replacement mainly because it was cheap. mine didnt come with a base so you have to use your old one.
i ordered several of these to go with double car usb chargers, and for only a couple dollars, i now have chargers to keep in my glovebox of every car.  all have worked great and so very much cheaper than purchasing from local stores.
i have purchased these cords sooo many times! i like these ones because they are cheap and they work. i never have any problems connecting them to my iphone 4 or 4s.
this item works perfectly fine i even use it for my ipad. i will buy another one for my new ipod 5
nice price. works great for the iphone 4 at a great price. i definitely will recommend to replace the original
these chargers worked great with my iphone 4s.  great price compared to the $15 or more cost for each at most stores.
i'm surprised this iphone cable is sold at such a low price! i received this cable in great condition and i plan on repurchasing and recommending this to my friends.
product was exactly as it should be in every way. was extremely pleased! would highly recommend to any and all
this was exactly what it says it is. an ipod sync cable. not much to say about this product. official apple ipod sync cable, not some rip off brand.
it works very very very welli think it is perfect for when me and my ipad is low but i still need to do something else the cord is nice and long!!!
this cable works flawlessly. it charges my iphone fast to full bars. it's very affordable i could buy one for each room in the house.
i bought this as an extra for the car (has a usb cable in the glove box). it fit the port and our iphones perfectly. the price was right, so there's not much else to say.
this unfortunately another thing required when you own an apple product.  now you have something that has no other possible use.
can't beat the price on this cable.  i bought some cheap knockoffs in this past but this is not that.  it is a quality cable the looks like it is oem
this is a good product and a great price.  i always order several at this time on a regular basis.
this charger works great with my iphone 3gs. next time i think i will try to order one that is longer but as far as this one goes it works just fine.
this product is just like the one that came with the phone. works good and is reliable. i would recommend this to anyone.
it was a good item and for the price. the compare with other store is way much less. thx for business and do more in the future.
just what i needed, charges my ipod as it should from my computer at work so that i can head straight to the gym after work.
the usb sync and charging cable works great with my ipad.  i have already purchased a couple, so i can recharge my ipad in my car, as well as my office.  excellent product!   
made life easy, aftter work didnt have to look for a cord to charge, it made things easier. no more hassel.
i don't have much to say about this. it's a cable, but i can say for me it has worked for both charging and transfers.
i personally think that its even better than my apple usb cable that came with my ipod. it looks almost identical and i think its. aswesome  
this product was received exactly as described in a very timely fashion. the product arrived in excellent shape and worked very well. i would reccomeond this product and this seller to anyone.
charges the device fast works with ipod and iphone and i loved iti give it a 5/5 : )
works very well. the cable is just like the factory original.  i would recommend this cable to any i phone user.
perfect for teens on the go. i practivally have one in every room!! i would definitely order them again when needed or for my camper.
i'm glad i got these now, the new iphones are going to be 8 pin plugs, and these will be hard to come by in the future.
great and cheap, it is equivalent to the expensive apple product. it works with wall and computer chargers. it works with the iphone 4 and the 4s.
couldnt escape form buying, much needed accessory and it was cheap. they usually catch a shortage. have to buy them pretty often, but i hvaae been returning them to walgreens and just keep swapping.
i am always impressed with the excellent pricing found at amazon on quality products. i went to order these items from apple.well enough said.
inexpensive replacement for the oem one.  i'm fine with it, and haven't had any issues.  connects and works with all our devices.
i ordered two of these. i wanted one to keep at work and another to take with me when i travel. both work perfectly with the two prong outlet attachment and allow me to sync my phone with itunes successfully!
they all work so far. pretty good product for the money. i would recommend it to others and will purchase more in the future.
it works, charging / data transfer and it's affordable!!!  if the dog shredded your expensive cable and you don't have an extra $30 laying around for a new cable then here's your answer!!
for the price you can not go wrong. and shipping was really fast! i can not tell the difference between the one apple gave me and this one!
works perfectly for charging ipad or iphone. i use it in my car with my powergen dual usb 3.1a 15w high output car charger
there's not much to say.  i bought 3 of these for myself and my kids.  we use them and they work just like the oem ones.
my old charger wouldn't work anymore, unless i moved it in that one spot. it was so hard to get my charger to work! but i found this one on amazon and it works great. i have no problems with it  
i like it because it works. since it works i like it. somebody told me it works because it's white but i don't know what that means.
this cable was an exact replacement for my missing ipod cable, functions perfectly.  it was extremely low cost.  just what i was looking for.
this item is really good i would really order anothet one for the next occasion im really happy about it
it was a quick delivery and works fine just like the one that came with my iphone 4. i only order one because i wasn't sure of the quaility because of the cheap price, going to order more so i can have one at work, home and car.
the product came very fast and was a great investment of my money. it is very affordable and was received extreamly early.
great deal. thanks. fast shopping and the cable works just fine. bought as extra to keep at work instead of carrying one around.
perfect price and very satisfied, this was an unbelievable bargain for this iphone charger, and it was in perfect conition. the best partis i didnt even have along wait to get it~!
these are great for extras anywhere and i tend to pull on them and break the seals at the end fo the wires into the tips.  great deal!
these are great to have in many locations  and the price is very low, takes a little bit to get them
arrived in plenty of time , works perfectly  will use this company again great value for  the money hope to find more items.
thank you!  we always are looking for more cables in every room.  well now every room has them!  electronics galore in our house!
i love itmy old one is so jacked up it and this one is so nice and shiny and i think is really going to last a long a time
this charging cable works with all of my apple devices.  ubs sync easily connects with port for charging.  i love it!
i don't know why anyone would complain about this.  it works just fine with my white verizon iphone4 and fits perfectly into my otterbox case.  a great value.
i needed a replacement iphone cable.  amazon and generic had the right cable in stock, at the right price!  generic shipped the right cable, on time and as promised  right to my doorstep!  yes, both amazon and generic will get my future business  they've both earned my trust!
the cord worked fine, but i had lost my ipod not long after i bought them. i still found use for them though.
its an ordinary phone charger so not that much needed to sum it up for you . looks exactly like one on screen
it isn't as good as the original. it charges my ipod  and sometimes it doesn't but i cant complain because of  the price i bought it for
it plugs ipod into power or computer.  it works well and cost me practically nothing.  it go here in two days.  buying a pack of gum is a bigger ordeal.  i love amazon.
i got this because my other charger broke, it's wonderful. it works well and really cool. i love it completely. charges well.
it took a few weeks to get them but they work fine, it is nice to have extra around you never know when you will need them
they are working wonderfully!!!!  i purchased a couple as gifts for friends and they enjoy them just as much as i do.
it works and is cheap.  i do not know how they sell it this cheap, but i am very happy with this product.
works just fine. looks and feels like the original. inexpensive compared to the ones you might find at other stores.
these cables work as well if not better than ones costing twice as much or more.  when first used the connection is a little difficult but after working with it a few seconds it works great.
id rather spend this price and wait a few days to get this than go the store and spend almost 20 bucks for the exact same thing. you can never have too many spare iphone usbs lying around!
they may not be the apple product that apple sells but hey it works it charges and thats great for the price. i recommend getting this product
i was expecting this charger to be kind of crappy being that i paid $.90 for it. to my surprise it works perfect. thank you  
copyrights be damned! haha. these cables are nearly exactly like the oem ones from apple. so far they are still going strong after almost 2 years.
i am so happy to buy these because my children lose them so much.  they work great and i have not had any problems with them charging.
my cord is fine. i bought it to work with another piece, a car charger and it does exactly that.
certain users provide the best cables like my ipod touch charger purchase with importer 520 went well because their cable looks identical to the original for only one dollar and they also send the item really fast.
this looks just like the picture and is just as high quality as the original apple cord.  shipped in a timely manner considering it wasn't from the us.
i liked the quality of the cord and the promptness of the delivery.  charges great and i feel i got my monies worth with this purchase.
its cheap and worth the money you spend for it. and it works! still hasnt broken down on me yet after a few months
i highly recommend if you want to save money buy this product. i was skeptical at first but now im relieved becuz it is worth it  
works great with both my ipod and iphone. great for daily use. product was just as described, length is perfect for car usage.
ordered the delton platinum usb cord for my iphone at a fantastic price and it works great! have used it for a week now and it's fine.
works perfectly. shipped fast. better than oem. i am going to buy another one just have on hand. better than apple.
needed an ipod charger real bad and this item came perfect without any mess ups. it works good as it should
importer 520 was recommended for qualty cables and the cables were very good qualty all three worked good and so did the chargers.
nice and good i will try again in the other timegoood goood good good good good nice nice nice
buy a bunch, they break. give 'em to your friends, keep one at work, etc. for the price these can't be beat!
works wonderfully ended up buying 2! would rec buying, and will buy again if needed we are a household full of iphone users
i bouhgt 10 of these cables at 13 cents each  , they do tend to wear out or the wires come loose . i was paying $ 5.00 each at a nearby pawn shop , they were new but.not for this low price .,
i wasn't paying attention and accidently ordered the standard short cables (when i wanted the 6' ones) but that isn't the sellers fault. these cables were exactly as advertised and came in a reasonable amount of time. will do business with these folks again.
and sure beats paying full price at a *pple store or *est *uy. if you need a replacement, don't hesitate to use these.
work as it should. being 2 weeks. its cheap and works good.just hope it last for yearsmmm a a a
very good product and very good price. i recommend to the people who would like to buy it. it's worth.
arrived before the time that they had given me, and product is good quality for the price i paid! i would deffinately purchase from this vendor again in the near future
this is a great buy. being that these wires deteriorate very quickly, i was happy these sold at the price i paid.
this is a great product and works well   i would repurchase again if i needed this product for my phone
i read many bad reviews on this. i must have got a good one because mine works great! just as described and can barely tell the difference between this cable and the oem apple cable.
got the package in good time, it was packaged good and was not damaged. so far it works fine. no problems here!
my charging cables were getting a little worn. so, before they gave out entirely i decided to get a replacement. i found these at an incredibly low price ,and decided to buy three. they work perfectly.
this usb cable works great! i have had no issues with it. it charges, it trasnsfers date via usb to my computer. great buy!
good quality and a very good price.  seems to be the same as the one that comes with the phone when you purchase from the store.
couldn't find the cable anywhere local. found it here. great prices, great quality, great service. cable arrived sooner than expected.
good product. good price.it came sooner than estimated time.but i have not use it yet. this would be my spares
i purchased this item for my iphone 4 as i needed to set up a charger for my truck works as listed show up a little slow for my likeing as it came from china
this generic type of cable works perfectly on my ipod and iphones.  somehow these lasted longer then my previous apple cables.
the first one didn't work   it was damaged.  but these things happen, and they replaced it promptly, so i'm not complaining.but i wouldn't buy one if i didn't own an iphone or an ipod.   
for anyone that needs a replacement but can wait this is the way to go i am very pleased with it
i have bought several cables that have stopped working within 2 weeks. these cables have stood up well and are still working great. i use them daily and i am very pleased. for the money, you can't ask for more!
very affordable replacement cord for my iphone, x2 are included with the order, i believe the costs was around $4 bucks. great bargain
just helps to have another cable for my ipod so i can play it in the car and have it inside so i can charge it when i have been using it  all day long.
cant help to give it 5 stars since it does everything it is meant to do so cant really complain.
works just like the real one, looks like the real one. and feels like the real one. and even though its not the real kind, there is noo difference! totally worth the money! cant go wrong with this(;
the white usb data cable performs as advertized. i would recommend this to anyone who uses the apple ipod 2g.
i got actually 2 of these and they have been working great.  they charge all the devices and material is of good quality.
it works just as the apple's one, the texture of the cable is very similar to the original and it works perfectly.
just when i thought that i will not get this charger i called customer service (julie) she told me your getting a replacement one in a week any other way i could help you. no have a good day julie your awesome like really awesome.
well worth the free 20 day shipping from hong kong. it works with my ipod classic as well as my family's ipads. all for under a buck. ordering another as we speak
very satisfied with the service and product. would definitely purchase again in the future and i highly recommend this product.
just like a real apple cable . it is a great deal i ever had . i would like to recommend it to my friends .
it is very good quality and the price is great. the ship time is a little bit slow but acceptable.
the usb cord is perfect match for iphone 4. i would recommend this product for any one that needs a replacement cord.
i got this for my ipad but i use it for my ipod touch instead. i like this item it easy to use and works well with ipod.
awesome product! great price! fast shipping! doesn't get better! because it has to be 20 words long. stupid amazon! this is the first and last time i'll review your product
the product works great; i will buy from this seller again. the device charges on my laptop quickly and the device looks just like the photo describes. thanks!
did not expect much for the price, but to my surprise it arrived really fast in the mail and it is perfect, works great, good quality. highly recommend it.
it works!  it is the same as original oem except you push on and pull off harder, which i do not care.  thank you.
awesome price for some ipod cables, i am thankful that someone out there makes them for such a good price!! recommend these to anyone!!!
after reading all the bad reviews about these generic chargers i bought 3 different ones. they all worked fine, i confuse them with the official apple one i have. this is one of the 3 i bought.
this product works pretty well for me. i don't really have any negative thing to say about it. it works!
i've had this for a month and it still works. if it is like the others i bought it should have been destroyed already but this one seems legit. it's good and it was only a dollar!!! best buck i ever spent
you should have no concerns at all, it works great.  i can recommend you purchase this product if you need a usb iphone charger.
i do alot of construction work, and this case is fantastic.  i've killed multiple phones, but this case protects against sand, mud and abuse.third and final case for my iphone 3g.
this case is nice if you work where your phone could get damaged or if you are known to drop your phone a lot like me. this case is one of the best out there and cost more in the store!
i recieved my item early and in new condition. i am very happy with the product and over all results of how i recieved the item.
so far it's kept my iphone safe and makes it look like something designed by the cia to launch predator drones remotely in afghanistan, which is an added bonus
works as advertised.  have dropped the phone on the floor with no adverse effects.  price can not be beat.  would recommend to others.
this case is rock solid.  yes the belt clip does have a major flaw, but who wants to look like a dork anyway?  just clip it to your pocket protector if you have to.
i bought this for my husband's iphone and he loves it. there's no other case out there that can protect the iphone the way the otterbox can. highly recommend.
i was very pleased when ordering from this company. i received my order in a few days, and my item was exactly what i had in mind when i ordered it. very good customer service. this is what brings a buyer back to order again. high five!
best prices, quality and service. so glad i didn't buy it at the retail store! i was able to find it new at a much lower price thanks to amazon. you're great!
a firefighter, a police officer, and myself.  i was the first, after lots of research choosing the perfect case for me.  note: for best results, use the power support anti glare film under the case.
the case is great! i don't have to worry about dropping and breaking my phone anymore, and the clip accessory protects the screen unlike the other cases.
this product is very well made and i feel very secure carrying it to the gym and cycling.  if you get air bubbles on the screen just wipe the screen protector with baby powder and the bubbles magically disappear.
i love this case. i'm pretty hard on cell phones and since you can't get insurance through at&t for your iphone, this was a great investment for me.
just got it & looks really sturdy. pretty much could access all functions with ease. definitely worth the money.
this case will definitely protect the iphone against anything! i would feel fine throwing my iphone around because i know that nothing could hurt it. it is even waterproof to an extent.
this case is very sturdy and protects the phone from scratches, falls and the environment.  it cost 50% less on amazon than the att store.  excellent product.
absolutely the best iphone case around.  if you tend to drop your phone a lot, this is the case for you.  you can throw this thing across the room and your iphone will fine.  it makes the phone a little bulky but worth it.
i bought this case for my husband after he dropped his new phone and had to get a new one. he is pretty rough with phones and has dropped it several times since using the otterbox. phone is still perfect!! very good product!
really protects your phone from moisture and falls. my phone would be in a million pieces by now without this.
i received this case and its not like the other said about oil problem, its so clean and i installed it very perfectly and its so nice.
this is a great case if you are hard on your phone.  i won't lie, it does add a pound or two to the phone, but well worth it when it come to dropping it.
for the money its unbeatable and everyone i tell about the price i paid can't belive it.  amazon is quickly becomeing my favorite store.  the only draw back it that it is a pocket lint magnet, but i'd rather deal with that than a broken phone.
you definately get your money's worth out of this. i get pretty sloppy with cell phones and have been through several of them. i was going to let that happen though when i bought my iphone. it is pretty bulky but well worth the money. glad i got it.
this case has truly lasted for a long long time!  good purchase, solid construction and excellent quality.  we highly recommend this case!
loved it! was easy to put together. had one issue, and that was that the screen would bubble up. i used a little of baby powder but that didn't work. so what i did was i popped the case screen protector and i put a screen protector. looked good.
otter boxes are great for the i phone. so glad i searched amazon for this   a great price and i got it within 2 days!
i love this case, very durable. it really protects my phone. the price was great also, i saved 20.00 dollars on the purchase.
hey. this case turns your iphone into a tank. it's pretty excellent. i'd prefer if the screen cover was less reflective but i find that most iphone screen covers are reflective as a 'standard'. so most folks probably won't notice. on everything else, the case is excellent.
if u have an i phone then protecting it is worth it no more worries about working in the yard and rain and dropping itholdsnup nice very durable and works greatif your on the go and do not want to worry get it
great product and arrived in timely manner. i was concerned at first since the price was so reasonable and so much cheaper than the ones in the stores, yet it came in original otterbox packaging. very pleased with product and seller
excellency product, sure to keep me from screwing up my fancy phone. little big for wearing jeans that fit, but the outer shell helps doesn't stick as much as you would think for being rubber .
excellent case. plastic screen protector works well. inner shell seems sturdy and well designed, rubber outer casing adds good grip and an additional layer of protection for the phone. i would definitely recommend this case.
excellent cover for my phone. otterbox really stands behind all their advertisements. greatly protects my phone and i highly recommend them to everyone i talk with.
my nephew is very happy with this otterbox. he was afraid he was going to damage his phone because he was dropping it all the time.
simply the best case made for the ipod. comes with screen shield integral to case, which is nearly water proof.
this is absolutely one of the best protective cases out there.  used on my original 3gs for over 5 years of service.  it did the job everytime.
great product.  has protected the phone from several different falls.  a must have for all iphone owners.
love this for the iphone. husband is a mechanic and there are times it gets bumped or even dropped but the defender case has held up and works like a dream. he loves it and that makes me happy!
the part got her on time, was the right part that i ordered, works the way it was designed to work. didn't take long to set up on the phone. i will order from this supplier in the future.
it's the best case ever. i love it!!! my 4year old granddaughter plays games on my phone all of the time and i don't have to worry about her dropping or smudging it. yay!!
otterbox makes great products and the prices on amazon are the best. i used to hesitate or resist these cases because of the size, but now i'm a big fan and they're the first thing i buy when i get a new phone.
nothing much to say about this item, it's already been said what i am going to say.using it for 4+days now. if some one in the market looking to protect their expensive i phone this is right investment.100% recommended. brian
arrived with lightening speed   wow!  fits phone nicely.  does everything it is supposed to do.  definately protects the iphone 3 g/gs !!!!
i purchased this otterbox defender at amazon after looking at local stores for this product. what a deal!! the cost on amazon was more than half the price for the same product in stores!! what a deal!!
the case is very good, i had a problem with the holster clip and waiting on greatbargins to correct the problem.
everything i expected.  protects phone from everyday roughness.  some dust still gets in, but nothing i cannot handle.
great deal my son has one that he purchased from at&t; for $49.00 mine didnt cost 1/4 of that. same case same quality, but not the same pricecarl
really holds my iphone in place.  just be sure ou put in the holder the right way   that is with the apple design facing outward.  instructions are too small to read.
this is the perfect case for the iphone.  i was afraid it would make it too bulky, but it actually makes the phone easier to use because the iphone is a little too small (if that's possible for a cell phone).
i gave the otterbox to my husband who just loves how it protects the iphone from rough handling. he puts the iphone on his tool belt when working, and hasn't had a problem with any scratches or dings on the iphone.
i was and am shocked at the product value for the price. i had purchased the same product for over twice what i paid here, but took that product back. this one is same quality, same product, around 1/3 the price.
durable and functional.  just be prepared, it ads weight and size to the iphone.  not too much for front pocket carry, but enough to mention.
my husband loves his new otterbox.  he can wear it on his hip or put it in his pocket.  the only problem is we had to buy him a new car charger because the charging portal hole on the phone is too small for his previous car charger.
this is the best, most rugged case i have used for a phone. i highly recommend it.  must have for an iphone.
i was looking for an inexpensive way to protect my iphone and was very surprised to find that people had paid as much as $50 for their otterbox. i did not know what an otterbox was. it was made by at&t just for iphone 3's. i am more than happy!
i have has many cases and this keep my phone looking brand new. with the iphone you have to keep in working condition unless you want to shell out $749 for a new on if you are still under a contract.
my husband uses this phone case & he loves it. his phone is very well protected. would recommend this item
this thing protected my phone like a tank. took it out after 2 years and the phone looked brand new
very good case. i was satisfied on what i got. very durable and protects your phone great! the silicone was a very nice texture. i recommend it to everyone
i am on my second otterbox, through no fault of the case.  i beat the heck out of my iphone and my 3gs still looks brand new.  my first otterbox was cracked amd the rubber was ripped but it did the job for over a year.
great case. very durable. i have dropped my 3gs on concrete and it is still just as good as it was when i bought it.
this was a gift for my son in law. he really liked it.no more fumbling in his suit pocket for his phone. he's dropped and broken so many phones. the otterbox solved that issue as well.
well made, quality product, as advertised.  phone is secure, access to switches, port, etc is good.  definitely worth the price.
awesome. i wouldn't trust anything else to protect this $200 plus machine than this box. withstands a fall from the car from children, slips from the stroller and a brush with bubbles. excellent.
my wife recently got an iphone 3gs and she really likes the otterbox.  it is a great accessory and helps to protect the phone from drops and dings.
this otterbox defender case is great i bought me and my wife one and she loves it.
great product, i have bought several of these and i am sure i will by more. very durable and protects the phone extremely well.
this is a great product it is not waterproof but is very durable i would give this product to anyone who has a rough job or just rough in general on phones.
i have purchased 2 of these and would not consider changing for anything else. sure it is a little bulky, but for a multi hundred dollar phone   why not protect it.
fits my slowly dying 3g like a glove. bulky as heck, but it works. i ironically bought this case after cracking my 3gs screen, lol
a great case for the iphone and by far the best that i ever used since obtaining my iphone. great protection and reassurance that iphone holds up well a drops and screen against scratches.
love my otter box! if i didn't get this, my phone would probably be distroyed by now. this should come with the iphones.
cheapest and most effective protection for my iphone 3gs, i am completley satisfied with this item.  came in a completley new box with the lowest price tag ive seen so far, i highly recommend anyone out there with a 3gs to buy this case.
compared to the cases you purchase at the phone stores, this case is no different except the wonderful price.  it has the same benefits just much lower in price.  why pay more if you don't have to!
l wouldn't use any other case. this case is awesome my kids havent broke my phone yet ages 3&2 this case is awesome my kids havent broke my phone yet ages 3&2
my girl bought the same case just a different color from att and it was 50 dollars got this one for 19 same exact product.
totally pleased with the otterbox  fits my iphone like a glove, makes my iphone non slip and has given me greater peace of mind.otterbox defender case for iphone 3g, 3g s (black)
best iphone case/holder that i have found.  works great, the only issue that i have noticed is the clear plastic cover on the front shows a little when the phone is not on, other than that great product
this is the best type of case for those who might drop their iphone on the job.
i have had this case on for a while now and i have no complaints except the top rubber insert for the headphone jack. the only reason why it has started to tear was because i mess with it a lot. otherwise good case.
this thing is absolutely bulletproof. the bubble reported in other reviews is easily eliminated with a hint of talcum powder.  well worth the money!
i got this for my grand daughters phone as she is 9 and drops all kinds of things.it was my old phone and gave it to her as an i pod but still. it needed protection. this saved it many may times i am sure!
really protects the phone.  quality!  i recommend this for anyone.
this case is the best case i have ever owned for my iphone. i also have gotten some for friends and family because it is the best.
this was just like the one you would get at phone store. very nice and it came pretty quickly too.
if you have an iphone and are an active outdoors person the otterbox defender is a must have item. tough and rugged protection for your iphone investment!
it is best price any where we could find, it was brand new. i would recommend my friends to shop.
case for the iphone is great, wonderful price and really gives extra protection to your phone.  would recommend to anyone that wants to protect their investment.
anyone whose ever owned an iphone and has fallen victim to fumble fingers and had to pay that ridiculous replacement fee, as i have, you owe yourself one of these. i've dropped my phone so many times already that the otterbox case has paid for itself.
this thing hasn't failed me in about 40 drops.  i still used the old iphone as an ipod and alarm clock.
this has saved my iphone so many times from drops.  it just bounces a and keeps going.
accidently dropped iphone into water during first week of being in otterbox and it was protected from getting wet. in my opinion, otterbox has paid for itself already!
i am very pleased with this company.  they provided excellent service and the product is just what i wanted.  it was new and exactly as they described it.
the two piece case provides a dense rubber around the iphone which snaps securely into the plastic combination stand/belt holder.  the stand can be used in the vertical or horizontal positions
awesome case!  i love it!  it's very protective but adds a little size, but they give you a free belt clip that fits the case!
i was looking for a solid case for my iphone. the ottercase with it's hard shel and outerrubber skin is excellent. it will take the bumps and dros that occur fromeveryday use. i am glad i bought it.
if you accidentally drop your phone without this case, you will will be kicking yourself for not purchasing it. repairs and replacement can be very expensive for smart phones
i was sold this case when the guy at the counter threw his phone 20 feet into the wall behind him, dented the sheetrock and then showed me an app.  i've dropped my iphone at least 4 times and have said, this is why i have this case
purchasing this case on amazon really savesd me money and time. the product came promptly and was less expensive even with shipping from what the case would have cost in the store.
this phone case is very solid and makes your phone almost indesctructable. best phone protector/holster on the market. comes with buit in screen protector. rubber is very good quality and fits nice and tight on all parts of phone.
great case to protect your iphone, but don't expect it to slide in and out of your pocket very easy because it won't.
awesome buy and great customer service. i highly recommend the use of this seller. i'd give them 10stars if i could.
not too bulky, pretty bombproof, quite happy with it.as mentioned in other reviews, there seems to be some air trapped over the screen.  my solution is to ignore it, but i can see how it would bother some people.
ugly as hellbut the phone has been through hell and backand doesn't even have a scratch on it
got a steal of a deal getting an authentic product for a fraction of the original price. item came in package without any flaws. could not be happier with the product.
i ordered my case 2 days ago and had it sitting in my mailbox today when i arrived from work.  i got "standard shipping"  and i still can't believe i got it so quick.  the product itself looks good.
the product arrived on time and was just as advertised. new in manufacturer's packaging for a fraction of the cost.
very well thought product.some people complain about the belt clip not holding the phone. you have to insert the phone with the screen facing your body. it provides additional protection and hold the phone very well. you won't lose it.this is my weekend case.
industrial strength protection for your phone.  second case for my phone so you can imagine what it would have looked like without the otter box.  phone still looks brand new
excelent product we use this same the of case for blackberrys we issue our employees. one negative is the bubbles under the screen and draw back in not being able to dock with out a cable.
great box.  a little bulky for carrying in pocket, but that is by far overlooked by the durability of this case.
this was excellent service and i highly recommend anyone shopping amazon to try and use this seller to buy products from.
excellent case for iphone 3g if what you need is full protection, not very good looking but it offers shock protection all around.
first of all, i gladly thankful to the seller.seller contact me for review. frankly speaking top rated seller(5 out of 5). prompt response for little loose holder case, seller send me a complete new otterbox.appreciate for all the help. always looking forward to buy from this seller.thanksgirija
while a bit big for someone people, this is a very well engineered case for the iphone.  i am really disappointed they do not make a otterbox case for my new phone, the mytouch4g.
i was going up a ladder to the roof, and as i reached the top the phone came out of the belt case and fell two stories, it landed on a crushed stone driveway bounced twice and thanks to otterbox not a scratch. amazing.
droped my first i phone and it broke , bought the otter box for my second i phone droped twice and not a crack at all.otter box is the best you can buy. thanks otter for saveing my investment.
this was a gift for my grandson who was thrilled when he opened his package.  the product is excellent and i am extremely happy with the service i received from amazon.
great case for the price.  just need to add a non glare film to the iphone to remove those water marks and it has worked great.
great protection for the iphone. case is bulky. if your outdoors a lot this case works great protecting your phone if you drop on pavement or other hard surfaces.
i had it for a couple if years. i dropped the phone a couple times on cement floor and the iphone was not damaged. need to say nothing else
the title sums it up. i love this case. yeah it's a little big but, you can't have everything. would definitely recommend.
the  truck delivering bottled water ran over the iphone on a gravel drive and the otterbox protected it.  the phone still worked!
this is exactly what they sell in stores for four times as much. it arrived quickly and i love it. i thought it would be bulky but it is only a tad bigger than my previous case and way sturdier. excellent purchase.
not much else to say beyond that.  att pushed this case, and it does seem really protective.  amazon made it the value i needed to afford it.
this is great for protecting the iphone. this is the second one i bought the first one i actually broke took a lot of work but i finally broke it only dropped it a dozen times from several different hieghts
just what i needed!  only downfall is that the outer rubber collects hair and lint   oh well, atleast my phone is safe.  
it is armour!!! somebody may complain hard to put off.insteads you can protect your prescious iphone more safe!!! worth buying.
great product i am very pleased with how well the otterbox fits the iphone and the installation was a breeze
the otterbox is very durable and sturdy.  great protection from falls and drops.  the iphone fits very snugly into the case.  this is not the case for fashionistas, as this case is more about function than form.
this case has paid for itself many times over.  it has saved the phone from several falls (by my toddler no less), some spills and scratches to the screen.  as a bonus it can be used as a tilted stand to listen to music.  great buy.
the otterbox defender case works great in protecting my iphone. i'm very happy with it.  i am even happier with tech geek, the vendor.  service was fast and the follow up and care was great. i would would not hesitate to purchase from techgeek again.
this case is not only the only one that i would use on my iphone, but it also a great value.
fantastic case: functional, protective and not too bulky.  i couldn't be happier with it.
i have had a variety of different cases for my iphone but none seemed to stand up. otterbox is an excellent case, sturdy, keeps dust out between your screen, and also comes with a phone holder. order this product if your looking for the best quality.
i absolutely love this otterbox.  i was skeptical about getting one because of friends saying it pulled their hair.this one has a different feel and was 30 cheaper than what otter boxes sale for. i liked it so much i bought to. greatproduct and fast shipping.
this is a great product.  i thought it would come in a plastic container but it didn't.  the shipping was slow.  but the product appeared new.
this case makes me feel like i can't hurt my iphone.  i've dropped it.and no problem.  i would definitely buy this case again!
the otterbox was in good condition and has worked great in protecting my iphone from any damage.  i would reccommend this product and will order another one for a family member.
i originally ordered a different dock extender to play music of my iphone to a stereo. it would only charge   wouldnt play music. this one is just what i was looking for. works like a charm.
this is a must have for iphone owners.  great protection, good design, and absolutely does what is was created to do: protect your iphone from the inevitable "drop", "bump", and everyday handling of your iphone.
this case is the best! i read all the reviews and to debate the con of the screen, *you need to buy the "anit glare" from the apple store. it has a matte finish making this case the best!
great product before i carried my iphone in my back pocket, would haft to take it out before i sat down, now i don't haft to. it's at my side, now the only time i touch it is to use it or charge it
the iphone otterbox defender series is the way to go with iphone protection. the screen shield is firm which is easier to keep clean as opposed the the removable membrane protectors like in other defender cases. the case give an unbeatable protection with no hassle.
works great and protects my phone. great product for the price as well. the holster is a little cheap but the case its self it fabulous.
this is the best iphone case you will ever find. you cannot tell the quality of this product until your phone is in it and in your hand. you will not be disappointed!
this is my second defender case for my i phone. i paid more than twice the first time for the same case. these cases are phenominal. i believe i could almost run over my phone with a truck and it would survive.it is tough as nails. good case.good price.
good quality for a very good price. i have bought 2 of the same case at the price x4 than what this was being sold for. the quality is the same and really protects your precious iphone from undue damage, dirt and other elements.
great product.kinda tough to disassemble and the directions are inside.thank goodness for youtube!!!great product!!! protects the iphone very well.believe me, i know.i have dropped it several times (once in water) and the iphone is still going strong  thanks otterbox for another great product!!!
this is by far the best case ever.  i have dropped and even thrown my phone and it doesn't crack the screen.  it is a little buckly but not walking around with a cracked screen or forking up 100 buck to apple is worth it.
i love my otterbox! without it my phone would be broke. seriously. it has saved me a million times! love love love it!
i previously had an otterbox, but did not have the original belt clip.  i purchased a belt clip that was supposedly for the otterbox, but it did not retain the phone properly.  this new unit retains the phone nicely in the belt clip.
received really fast and this was a good purchaise. and i would buy another one. the price was really good. i paid half of want i was pricing for.
otterbox defender case is an awesome case to protect our i phone.we broke the screen when the phone was dropped from our island inthe kitchen onto the ceramic floor. last night the phone was onceagain knocked off the island. thanks to the otterbox, phone was wellprotected this time.
a truely great item to have when your phone needs protection.  my advice is to get it.
great protection for the i phone and fits easily in your pocket or on belt.
i love it and better than i expect.  i'm buying one for my wife's iphone.  i love how it really protects my iphone and its new.  also, its was a great price.  thanks!
item arrived in a timely matter in new condition. it fits perfect and seems like it would protect my iphone. luckily it has not been put to the test yet. it's the real otterbox defender for a good price.
very satisfy with outter box, was real concern about buying online but was really satisfy with what i got as well as the price!!!!!!!!!!!!! thank you amazon!!!!
product quality and service are excellent. i wouldn't think of using any other product to protect my phone. their service dept. is also top notch.
i am extremely pleased with this product.  after dropping mu i phone at least three times i am convienced it was well worth the money.
this is the best case i've had. the product arrived prior to the recommended date.
this protective case really works! i can feel safe putting my iphone into a backpack front pocket and not worry about it.
the otterbox case is the best case you can buy to protect your iphone. the case is a hard plastic shell with a soft rubber outer cover. everything is under a protective cover. the microphone, speakers, all the buttons. definitely worth every penny =)
this case is a must have for anyone who loves their iphone. i have no fear of accidentally dropping my iphone. im military so the belt clip is a must have.
awesome price for the product! vendor was prompt in shipping. great deal would recommend to friends.
keeps dust and grim away, protects like crazy ( wrecked my mountain bike and iphone was unharmed)if you're accident prone like me this is the case to get
product arrived fast. very sturdy case. looks great. access to all buttons and sockets.  great value. belt clip is sturdy too. would definitely recommend.
this case rocks. it is a bit bulky but the functional design makes up for that.
this case is great, especially for a phone dropper. exactely what i wanted and much cheaper than buying it from the company directly. highly recommend for anyone who is worried about dropping their iphone.
christmas gift for family member who just wanted to update the outside part of the phone.  very hard to find at store. thanks
awesome awesom aweome. otterbox is high qaulity and awesome iphone protection. i do military work and i use this for that. thanks!
this was such a good deal and such a good product, i am going to buy another!
even though i'm not prone to dropping my phones, it happens, and when it has happened i have felt totally secure that my iphone hasn't been damaged and it hasn't!  good product.  a little bulky for me but well worth the adjustment.
other that being a slight bit bulky this is a great iphone case.  it is impact resistant and i'm still able to access all of the phone's functions.
i own about 20 different iphone cases and this by far is the single greatest case i own i plan on buying two more for the future ill never use another case again.
it was a tight fit but worth the extra effort to stretch  it on the phone.perfect for the phone and it keeps the cell safer with the rubber type material.
this is a great case to protect your i phone.the best to use if you would outside the home.the price was good as well.  much betterthen at the at&t.;  a must have for all that havean i phone.
best case to protect your investment, especially working on a busy airport ramp and always moving around,good tight fit in clip but easy to come out when you need to answer a call.  great price!!!! (retails in stores for at least $50.00.)
i love my iphone and i love my case to protect it every time i drop it at the bar, at work, in the kitchen, you know, everywhere! if you are a klutz like me, invest!
this is a good protection device for the phone. i have dropped mine several times and it still works fine.
its nice for fishermen and outdoor sports and you can use the iphon like you want there is no deffrent with the cover or with out it
i really like the4 defender.  only draw back is the function button is a little difficult to press.  everything else is good with the defender.
great item.  for best results, add a screen protector.  really protects the iphone.
the product arrived in time for christmas and was exactly as described.  very happy and pleased because it was a gift!
you won't find better protection for your iphone then an otterbox, i've had one for all my iphone since i got my first one they have saved my cell from damage on more then one occasion.
we purchased this for my dad when he got his iphone. we all have otterbox defender cases and wouldn't have any other case to protect our phones. they are durable and protect the phone very well!
perfect case, leaves your phone well protected!!!! great price for the same product that costs way more.a definite great buy.
this is the exact same product that you will pay $40+ for locally at most retailers.  this thing is as tough as they come.
this product was shipped to me in a timely matter and was packaged properly. i really like the otterbox it protects my iphone. definately would buy another one.
this this is amazing. i have dropped my ipone several times and no broken screen. the holder does a good job of holding the phone even when you bump in to things.
this is one of he best cell phone cases i have owned.  the first one i had was chewed up by my dog. amazingly the phone survived. great drop resistance. the only con is the screen gets an oily look to it . otherwise great case.
best case i have ever owned. very rugged and durable, saved my phone several times. i would reccomend this product to everyone with an iphone.
you will not be disappointed with this case.  protects well.  works great, very functional and fits the phone awesome.
got this at a great amazon price. fabulous protection for iphone and the workplace. followed other reviewers suggestions for the echo and the oily shield. couldn't be happier.
not only was the price less than half of what best buy was asking, the protection given is so much more than i expected!!!i was afraid the otterbox might be a bit bulky    no longer a concern.  the extra millimeters involved are no longer noticeable!
this is a very durable case and it does come with a screen cover pre installed. probably the best case for the iphone that you can get.
i'm in the construction buisness and this is the best case you can buy to protect your phone from dropsdust.
this is it when it comes to protecting your iphone. when i asked what i should get otterbox was all i was told by friends and professionals. everything else compares itself to otterbox. double layered protection. great!
got this for my father since he is always dropping his iphone and it is perfect. def do the baby powder for the screen, it is a life savor!!
really liked the product came exactly as it was shown.  the only problem was delivery took longer than expected!
purchased this case for my husband. he has a tendency to be pretty rough on his cases. he loved it!
as the descriptions and reviews say, seems indestructible. definitely the best protection for your iphone out there. (have 3 kids who constantly want to use it.) watch the you tube videos on installing it to avoid the "watermark" effect.
got this one for my husband, i own the white one.  we just mixed and matched our cases.  great protective, stylish, beefy case!
knew this product before i bought it so not much to review other than its the best case for iphone. used 2 day shipping from amazon and actually got the product in less than 24 hrs. that was awsome comparred to others who take 5 7 days.and 10 15 dollars cheaper.
awesome case for protecting your phone.  otterbox makes a great product and i will continue to us their products in the future.
can't go wrong with purchasing an otter box case for $9.00. i jumped on that deal quick and told all of my associates. only negative comment is that i had to clean it. it was kind of dirty, but nothing some lysol wipes couldn't fix
a friend showed me their otterbox defender and said this is what you need to order for you iphone. i received it and it is exactly as the discription. it fits very well on my iphone 3g. i dropped my phone today and to my releif no issues.
i'm very happy with this case.  i'm sure that when i drop my phone that it will survive the fall.
i could not be more happy with the case. i have the same problem everyone else has had with the face bubble however, i am going to use the baby powder trick to fix. thank you otterbox for a wonderful product!!! my phone feels safe now!!!
great case, fully covers iphone as describedjust hard to find a leather belt case large enough to wear.
this case leaves your case safe from drops and keeps dirt out too a bit pricey but worth it to protect such an expensive item.
keeps phone from cracking and braking when dropped. i am happy i bought this for my husband, he is hard on phones. well worth the money.
you must buy an otterbox if you own an iphone, especially if you do not have insurance on your phone. you can literally through your phone (not recommended though i did it to test   ) and the otterbox delivers great protection!
i drop my iphone all the time.  this case is very tough and strong. my iphone is still in the same condition as when i bought it.
since owning this case i have dropped my iphone on a concrete surface on two occasions.  the otterbox performed flawless and i am sure it prevented me from having to purchase a new telephone.
the product was delivered in original packaging and has kept my phone secure and clean. it's very sturdy but does get dirty often so i'm constantly cleaning the case. that's a small price to pay for a safe iphone.
great product.  keeps my husband's phone protected and is pretty nice looking at the same time.  good stuff!!
it's a great case for the iphone. i really don't care what apple says, i want to protect the screen on this $300+ device and this case works great.
awesome case and design.pro  indestructible 100%water resistant but not proofcon.cant use icar connection due to port being too far in because case is huge.
exactly what you would expect from the otter box reputation.
the otterbox defender case was even better then i anticipated!  the case is extremely protective and rugged.  i don't have to be scared about dropping my phone anymore.
this is an excellent product, i couldn't be happier with it.the price of this product was less than half of what the phone company wanted for the exact same thing!
i bought this as a gift for my husband to go with his iphone. he had been ranting about it for quite some while and was extremely happy with the quality. thanks amazon!
have tried several cases for the 3gs, this is the most rugged one i could find. have dropped the phone while entering and exiting prime movers and of had a problem. wish i'd discovered this sooner as it would have saved me 2 previous iphone's. great product.
otterbox is by far the toughest case out there. if you want your phone to last buy one. it kept my iphone safe from the store until i sold it on the internet a year later.
i bought this for my husband's iphone and he loves it.  he works in construction and needed a case to stand up to hard conditions.  it's well worth the money to protect your phone.
it's a little bulky but it seems to be durable and definately protects. i had the commuter and it really wore out after a month   this is doing much better.
i got it for my mobile it's perfect very good protector i really love it
ordered this for my husband after he had bought an i phone years ago. this is the one case he has ever used and is still using it.  product has lasted very well.  met his expectations for as looks and use.
i got this for my husband.  he works in the steel industry and i just got him an iphone and needed a great case to protect it.  he loves it.  it feels protected. love it!!!
this case made my phone seem like a new one. i had no problems putting the case on my phone. would recommend this product to someone looking for a good phone case.
this case is a quality product. i love how protected my 3g iphone is now. i have no issues whatsoever with this product, and i highly recommend it to everyone who owns an iphone. i wish i would have gotten one sooner.
i love this product!  as a police officer, i needed something strong and protective for my iphone and the otterbox delivers!  it's a must have if you're prone to dropping your phone.  it's a sturdy, well built case that will protect your investment!
my case is adult proof and baby proof.i have dropped my phone at least 5 or 6times from my ear to the ground (i,m 6' 9")and my phone survived. mt baby girl chewsand throw the phone around the house, stillno problems.
this product was exactly what it said it was except at less than half the price as in the store! it did take a little longer than the expected shipping date, but still a great value!
this case is truly a phone saver.  i bought this case because i kept dropping my phone.  believe it or not, now that i put this case on, i haven't dropped it.
i purchased this case for me husbands new iphone.  this casegiveses your phone major protection.  you can't go wrong on this case.
one heavy duty case! upon fitting the phone into the case, i have instant piece of mind, my phone now has excellent protection!
this case arrived on time and in perfect condition.  it fits the i phone 3gs that i had purchased for my son perfectly.  if he needed another case for whatever reason, i would definitely re purchase this case.
good heavy duty case.  don't feel bad about dropping my expensive 3gs now  
awesome case!! iphone survived a 12 foot drop (accidental) while using the otterbox, and not a singe mark on the case or the phone!
i like how it keeps your phone safe in it i've dropped it several times and it still didn't break
this is the best case for the iphonhe.  durable and easy to carry. it protects the phone and the screen. confident that your phone is protected with the best.
i love my otter box ! if you do not put a screen protector on, you will get really bad air bubbles.so just keep that in mind ! but other than that, this is the best case ever !
this case was recommended by my son who had one. i bought one and loved it. i bought another for a friend who didnt know you could get it here so inexpensively.great i phone protector at a great price!!
this has got to be the most protective case i've ever seen.  yeah, it's a little bulky, but that's what it takes to offer this level of protection to my device.
sturdy, bulky, not easy to get in and out of case.  good protection from drops etc.  but if you use an ihome or other similar device you cannot connect with this case on phone.
recommend for all.  does the job of protecting the phone just doesn't  slip   easily into a pocket which might be important for some.
product worked just as described. otterbox offers great protection for the iphone and has saved it from breaking from the countless amount of times i have dropped. great product, highly recommend it.
good quality. with lots of protection for iphone. does not come out like other products.
product was just as advertised, it fits perfect and really protects the phone. i have already dropped it several times and just bounces, no damage to phone. i highly recommend it.
i was impressed with the protection provided and the utility of this case.  you cannot have that level of protection without it making the phone a little more bulky.  it is a nice product.
i love this phone case.  this case is practically indestructible.  i like that it comes in retail packaging. it met all my expectations.
not long ago i purchased a lightly used otterbox defender and i have dropped my phone multiple times since and has been perfect every time.i highly reccomend this product
just what i wanted and expected.  very sturdy.  it protects my phone very well.
this one is the best i tried for the iphone!great protection,patrick
i like the protection the otterbox gives my iphone. i did add a glare free sheet on my iphone before putting the otterbox on. this stop the problem of the bubble between the phone and the case.
encased the iphone in a protection like batman's armor. dropped phone couple times since; it bounced back every time. good product!
has already saved my iphone from shattering like the first one when i dropped it a concrete driveway.  the baby powder "puff" method worked to prevent the water marks.
this is the perfect case for someone who is accident prone like me.  it is very heavy duty, yet still lightweight.  great value for the price as well!
the otterbox defender is wonderful at protecting my iphone.  i have dropped the phone on several occasions without any damage to the phone.
got the otterbox for my iphone 3gs in a couple of days, very impressive, since im stationed in korea, now to get the otter box for my ipad
this is the best case to have for your iphone. ever. perfect for those who do construction or labor jobs. no more cracked screens !!!
my husband and i both have the deffender cases. our phones are very protected with still being able to use all of the options.we dont have to worry about our children using them.
if he loves it, i love it. nice hard shell prevents damage when dropped. a bit large and bulky but i guess that comes with the added security.
bought 2.  one for wife and one for daughter.  great protection and functionality.  will probably get one for my bb bold.
very great product.  i wondered if this was the "real deal" or what but it is.i love it and got a great deal!  highly recommend this product and seller
this case has saved my iphone 3g from breaking on numerous occasions. it can take a tumble, it has a plastic hard shell and a rubber exterior, so your phone will bounce and still be fine. it's a solid case and i highly recommend it.
the otterbox defender case is awesome for the iphone.  protects it well!  great price too!
made well, well worth the money.  the clip didn't see to hold the phone at all, then i saw somewhere on the internet that you carry the phone face towards the back.  i tried the phone that way and it worked perfectly.
i have bought many cases for my iphone and have been disapointed with all except this on.do not waste your money on anything else. otter box is the best!!!
same case the store was trying to sell me for 50 bucks and i scored for 10,i drive for a living and my phones take a beating.this case is awesome it absorbs drops and lets me use my iphone with wet and dirty hands.
definitely the best case for any money. just be aware that any charger (i.e. car) that has a wider than the ipod charger base, most likely won't fit so check before you buy.
the best case i've ever had for my iphones.  may be a bit bulkier than most cases, but i sure feel confident if it falls on the ground, which it has, phone keeps working like a charm.  totally recommend this case.
this is the best cover i have seen for my iphone protection.  i dropped the phone the minute i put my phone inside of it, and got the protection i asked for.
bought this as a gift for my cousin. i purchased an identical one earlier at the at&t; store for about twice what it cost though amazon.gives maximum protection to the iphone. i use mine without the belt clip but my cousin uses his with the clip.
i love my otter box!  it is very secure and still allows for easy access to all my iphone's features.  it's great for anyone who is tough on phone cases like my husband is!!!  i highly recommend for anyone who wants to protect his/her phone!
same as the $50 case just inexpensive! dropped it many times and still is working perfectly, greatly recommend this product!
super secure, no problems with echoing. my brother in law saw it and ordered one that instant.
wow, this item attaches to the iphone like a safe, feels very secure. now i know if i drop my phone this will be protected.!!!
this is an awesome case if you're like me and drop it all the time. it is a bit bulky but since i always have mine in my hand and not my pocket it works!
i am very pleased with the merchandise. the otterbox case was as advertised.the shipping was fast service was  speedy. would not hesitate to make future purchases.
i break my phone about every 6 months or so. i have had this phone for over a year. it works. i have dropped, kicked and stepped on it. it lives.
this is a great protector for the iphone.  most retail stores sell for $49.99.  comes with a belt clip too.  only downside is some charging/dock cables will not fit (apple and belkin are okay).
it's like putting your iphone in a tank! i bet i could throw it against the wall and it would be fine.
i wrapped my tyke's 3gs hand me down with this and it's been fantastic. the phone's survived my kids and it fattens up the handset so it's easy for kids to grip.
my screen is clearer (i haven't changed my old screen protector in a long time), the otterbox is unusually light, yet protects well. it is a little bulky, but if you work outside, or clumsy, this size is a great trade off from breaking your iphone
i work construction, the otterbox is a must for those who want to carry their iphone in the outdoors.this product delivers 100%, i very satisfied with this recommendation by a fellow co worker.well put together, great design and has safeguard my investment 110%.thanks otterbox
two weeks after getting my otter box i dropped my iphone in a 5 gals bucket of paint. i pulled it out rinsed it off opened the case and there was no paint on my phone. great product
this is the best cell phone case/clip for iphone hands down. water resistant, durable, attractive, handy belt clip / stand. no question buy this item! you won't regret it
this case is well worth the money.  at&t tried to stick me for $50.00 on this case.  do yourself a favor and go to amazon and order this case for half the price.
love the casing.  my phone has been abused by being dropped and it keeps on ticking.
great item!!!! bought for son for birthday last december. he says it has already paid off, he dropped his phone and this case totally protected it. best deal is with amazon, couldn't find it for the price they sell it anywhere. highly recommend!!!
my old otterbox wore out, and it was always falling off the belt clip. the new one is much better, and it holds onto the phone with no trouble. haven't lost it yet.
it's durable and looks cool.  i read about the bubble issue, but the baby powder suggestions from everyone's advise was helpful, and i've had no issues (thanks).  i wish that they had more colors.
i ordered this for my husband and we couldn't be happier with the product. it was much cheaper on amazon then ordering it from our cell phone store. he works in the oilfield so it's perfect for him. it's great for ther person who constantly drops their phone!
my otterbox case has saved my phone several times from falls and scratches. hands down the best investment i ever made.
exactly what i was looking for!  use baby powder dust on the inside of plastic cover to avoid bubbles etc.
i am extremely pleased with the quality of this product.  it is easy to install and is of high quality.  i would recommend it to anyone wishing to protect their iphone.
this is the best cellphone case ive ever bought talk about a drop, throw, and most definitely crush proof case! ive put this case threw the ringer and only has vey minor scratches on it. recommend to everyone with an iphone! amazing peace of mind!
i bought the otterbox as a gift and so far so good   great protection for your iphone!
worked great for my girl friends phone otter box also was quick to replace the silicone outer case when became loose and work from regular wear and tear great company and products and customer service no wonder why people consider them top on the line
my wife had this case for her iphone.  i liked it so much that i had to get one for mine!  i am glad i did because i have dropped my phone so many times and while the phone bounced a few times, the phone was not damaged.
this is perfect for me because i drop my phone all the time and it has given me the protection that i need. it is true about the oil blotch which does not bother me at all. i love it and can't imagine not having it.
i love amazon for their great service and always good quality products.and this is a very good purchase.i would recommend it to anybody.
a friend saw it and ask me to order it for him, so i ordered it and he is very happy with it.
the otterbox is hands down the absolute best phone protector you can buy. don't make the mistake of not using the absolute best!!  a must have for any iphone owner!!!
overall great product at times it seems to get caught up in my pockets but you can't buy a better case this is hands down the strongest one out there and you should protect your investment ($500 for an iphone without contract, warranty, etc)
i really like this product.  i feel the my iphone is well protected in this case.  it looks good when i use my phone.  only problem, it is too bulky to be able to use an iphone carrying holster case with it.  the case won't close.
i'm glad i bought this product. it is a robust unit to protect my phone also i like the esthitics as well.  i highly recommend it even though people seem to have a problem with the bulkyness of the case, this does'nt bother me at all.
i purchased the otter box iphone case in early november (2009). this case really keeps your phone safe from accidents such as dropping, scratches and it also has a screen protector. i haven't seen a better case for your iphone. (i recommend this product) you won't regret it.
this product is the best cellphone protector i have ever used and i have had many. i have dropped my phone serval time and no damage ,the cover feels good to the touch,and cleans quite well.
this was a whole lot cheaper then buying it at the at&t store. love the case and might have to get another one in another color. it is a great case that will protect your iphone
i purchased the otterbox for my husband's new iphone.  it was priced wonderful, looks great, and my husband is very happy with the purchase.
this is the best phone case money can buy i have drop my phone numerous times not a scratch.
this case is awesome just got it today for my iphone 3gs and it fits great and it really doesnt make it much bigger a must have for people that are tough on there stuff
needed a quality rugged case for my investment on an iphone 3gs.works  great good investment (and great price!)
rugged protection in a non slip case. i need to use my iphone at work. this well designed case allows me to carry it around, bounce it around occasionally, and not stress out that my shiny, slippery, expensive phone is getting harmed. highly recommended.
this case is highly necessary for those who work outdoors in the elements. i've dropped mine a couple times and had rain shower the phone since owning the otterbox and has yet to strike a flaw upon my iphone. great stuff.
this case is super easy to grip.  otterbox has made a great product.  i dropped my phone, when i thought it was secured, and the case performed well!  there was no damage to the phone at all!  i highly recommend this product.
very good case and protects my iphone well. case is large and it tends to fall out of the belt clip.
great protection for phone. phone works great just as good as the ones from at@t. but a lot less money.  love the cammo color. easy to put on just read directions!
it's a little hard to open but that is the point.  once wrapped around your precious iphone it will be very safe.no impact on operations and it is great to know even if i drop it, my phone will be "bounce back" literally.
my iphone fell out yesterday at 70mph on my motorcycle. the following rider stopped and picked it up. works fine. not harmed. need i say more?
as a firefighter this is a must have case for any working people.  by working people i mean in rugged environments.
with the phone in the case, its pretty safe! the only downfall is you need extension patch cords to dock it to any i home product,or a fm transmitter who wants to take their phone out of the case every time they want to dock in their alarm clock to charge?
best thing to buy to protect the iphone.  makes it semi waterproof while really protecting it from daily bumps.  the phones are expensive and might as well protect it the best way possible.
other than the screen protector being difficult to get to lay smooth. i feel much more at ease with my phone, knowing that it is protected by a good solid case and will be protected.
i am extremely pleased with my purchase and the excellent service i received from the supplier. i will not hesitate to place an order in the future.  i commend amazon for there selection of the source "oem planet" who provided both an excellent price and delivery.
i purchased the otterbox, for 22.00 tax, and shipping. it was the same thing that you had to pay 50.00 locally to get. the other plus was there was not a long wait time.thanks barry
this otterbox fit perfectly and was half the price of the store. i am amazed that the keyboard screen works so well.
if bulk is of no concern the protection from this "otterbox" is out of this world!have purchased numerous otterboxes and can't go wrong!
great product! i won't use another brand. i bought a seond one when my husband bought his iphone. it would be nice if it came in other color combinations, but as for quality, i love it.
gave this to our son in law, in the army, for xmas.  he says when he dropped his phone on pavement it bounced back high enough to grab it! he loves it! he worries less now about breaking the phone.
this is an excellent case.  only that it does not latch on to the belt clip very strongly.  but that is a very very minor point.  this is an excellent product.
this case is fire. i be usin it when i stay in the trap and all he trappas and thugs b givin it compliments
tuff  little case it stands up to every day usage and life takes a beaten and still keeps on asking for more.
great price for this case. i have seen them selling for twice as much elsewhaere. provides the most protection i have seen for the iphone.
the iphone has no warranty against physical damage. the otterbox provides the best protection against physical damage i know of.
i refuse to carry around my iphone without an otterbox case.  otterbox cases are excellent at protecting these expensive phones
from pictures i expected this thing to be bulky and heavy as hell but i was pleasently surprised to find its grith and heft managable.
this product has proved to be much sturdier and versatile than i expected.  i use it at work at construction sites, when i run, as a stand for watching videos, etc. i love this case.
this case will definitely protect your phone from being damage. i have droped my phone twice since having this case. my phone still works the same and no visible damage to the phone or case. the case is very user friendly.
i work in hot, dusty, humid, often wet conditions. the otterbox hassaved my iphone many times. the only reason i needed another is becausei left my phone in my horse's feedtub & he chewed the plastic face,but my phone was not injured in anyway. whew!
teriffic product!  i have one of them on all of my family's phones.  has saved us a tremendous amount of money in replacement phones.
very good product if you are using your iphone on a job site or if you want to protect if dropped.  received shipment as stated when orderd.  very satisfied with item.
i drop my phone a lot and have a tendency to break phones so this is perfect and for such a low price!
i bought this for my boyfriend's iphone. it's an excellent case!  i have the same case in black and pink and have dropped my phone so many times. and there isn't a scratch on it  my boyfriend takes his to work, the gym, ect. and hasn't had any problems.
i give my iphone to my toddler to entertain himself when we go grocery shopping. he has dropped my iphone few times and with this case, it helps protect it. i'm very impressed with how well built it is for the phone. i definitely recommend this product.
fantastic, work horse,  washed it once,  left in driveway over night once.and yes still going! love this
i loved it. sorry for the negative feed back i have give it to you. i use this item and i am really happy with this item now \.
this bluetooth is by far the best i've ever had. the sound quality is amazing, people can't stop telling how they can't tell that i'm on a bluetooth.the sound quality is not only great for you but it's sounds great for the reciever as well. would definetly recommend!!
super comfortable, clear sound for both ends of the call, great battery life.  i haven't had it for long but so far its the best blue tooth i've had.  i now see a ton of people with them so there must be something to it, right?
it is the best one i have bought period. you can not go wrong with this unit. i am not a fan of bluetooth in general but this one has changed my mind.
bought for my wife  she is very happy with the device.  provides clear communications and batteries seem to last.  i will be buying another one for me to replace a cheap/noisy one i currently use.
bought 2 to use in our carsthey're amazing.great sound quality (people can usually hear me better than my phone), excellent product.i've had 2 for over 18 months now, nothing but good things to say
this is the best bluetooth that i have tried. i've tried a lot and didn't really like any of them for one reason or another. this one is flawless. great inbound and outbound sound quality. great design, durable, good battery, very easy to use, etc.
headset looks like a bit big but is very comfortable to wear for an extended period of time. the sound is excellent on both end and never had any complaints. excellent product. have had it for 2+ years and works like a charm!
my package came in earlier than i had expected.i have used some other bluetooth devices in the past, however this plantronics voyager pro is by far the best.
great headset!  i find it to be a comfortable headpiece that stays on pretty well and clearly transmits.  my experience with plantronics has always been positive and this headpiece adds to that.
the sound quality is excellent and it fits very comfortably. i am having good luck with the noise cancelling too. highly recommended!
i have tried the top blue tooth headsets andfound this one to have the best voice fidelity;
great bluetooth headset. the best i have owned. tried jawbone and a few others and they did not work nearly as well.
great product. fabulous sound both in and out. don't spend any more money. this is the one you want. different size earpieces are very helpful.
this headset is great   top reviews were right. very flexible, pretty light considering the site. clarity is perfect, controls are great. works well with my motorola droid, paired easily & always connects.
this is short and sweet.  i've owned 3 others and this is by far the most comfortable ear piece yet.the sound quality is excellent on both ends.if this one breaks, i'll buy another.nuff said.
after more than a year of using this headset, i can recommend it and undoubted say, it's the best.great workmanship, great quality and the sound is amazing.a sure buy.
very happy with this bluetooth headset.  excellent sound quality, much better than expected for the price.  very fast delivery.  would buy from this seller again.
i have been using this since last 8 months, and i have been fully satisfied with the way it functions. it is really simple and user friendly, and the sound quality has been stupendous.
very easy to pair with phone.i can hear calls in my noisy tractor and they can hear me.battery life is very good.so comfortable you forget it is there.
i have waited and waited to get a noise canceling bluetooth headset.  finally got one!  not dealing with the wind or noises in kitchen is a plus for the folks on the other end.  everyone can hear me loud and clear!  thanks.
product is great! i love it! every once in a while, it's hard to hear others' voices, but overall, i think it's great.  shipping was very quick!  thanks!
i have had one for over 4 years.  broke one, bought another.  they work with everything, sound is good.  only wish volume could be turned up a bit higher in louder environments.great product
very happy with quality of product, accessories and performance of the product. will order more as needed for use. thank you
it may not be beautiful but it does the job very well.  i have had all the other smaller more beautiful devices but i found they never fit well and adjusting the volume was impossible. sometimes bigger is better.
i love this headset. i can now make calls from my car without the complaint of hearing lots of background noise. the best headset i have owned!
it works great and dose everything i need it to do thanks i use it everyday on and off the road
this is the most comfortable bluetooth i've owned and this is my fourth one. the next day i bought my wife one because i love it so much. i highly recommend this.
absolutely the best!!!  all that i talk to are convinced that the clarity is so good that they think i'm talking into the phone and not a headset!  even outside in the wind, most admit they can't hear the wind or surrounding noises.great device plantronics!
so secure and comfortable, i don't have to think about it at all anymore. i hear high quality audio. the noise canceling microphone technology makes all the difference to the people i call when i'm outdoors in the wind or in my noisy truck. it's perfect.
best bluetooth headset i have ever used.  battery will outlast my phone. very clear. does not sound like you are in a cave when talking to others.
very good item.it has a very clear microphone.i was getting complaints with my old motorola h500 not being clear and etc.
this is a great headset. i have it paired with my blackberry. it was easy to setup, simple to use, has great call quality for myself and my callers. it is comfortable to wear, and after a while i just forget i have it on, until i get a call.
this bluetooth is bigger than your typical earpiece but it fits comfortably over the ear. i highly recommend this bluetooth because of the sound quality and durability of the product.
i've tested several headsets and this is unquestionably the best i've found. it has fewer features than the jawbone, but the sound quality is well worth it. amazon's prices beat best buy all day long.
very clear sound, good bass, fit well, very soft material over the ear, does not hurts after couple of hours use .will not drop from the ear . and good price really good product . just a great deal !!thank u
after years of searching for a  bluetooth that won't hurt the inside of my hear , i found the perfect match in this device.very comfortable , clear sound , awesome bluetooth .
this is a great headset for the price.  great sound, comfortable and long lasting battery life.  beats the heck out of the cheaper ones i have had in the past.  highly recommend.
i had originally brought this item for a prop for a cosplay of mine. and now i actually still have a prop and a hands free talking device. so in essence i did kill two birds with one stone. everything is great and perfect.thank you,
i've used wep's for the last 5 years, this is the best. the sound quality is fantastic. people i'm talking to tell me they can't tell i'm on a wep.
bought for my wife.  she says the clarity is incredible.  store delivered on time and in good condition.
i am an otr truck driver and it works great in the truck! the only one to do that. outperforms both jawbones and the blueant z9i.
the product was shipped immediately and delivered within a matters of days.  the headset itself seems to work great compared to other models previously used.  thank you.
i believe that this is one of those products that i and others will look back on in a few years and say: "why don't they make em like the voyager pro anymore?"yes folks. believe the hype. this headset is as good as everyone claims.
easy connection to my phone and crystal clear voice on both ends.  comfortable fit and plenty of talk time between charges.
was looking for a headset for work, but had to pay for it myself. price was very inexpensive and reasonable compared to other headsets.  to my surprise, this one worked wonderfully!  i am impressed. use it everyday, too.
i bought this for a steal of a price the other day ($40) and this is the best bluetooth headset i've ever used. finally one that connects easily and has good quality. i highly recommend it even at the amazon price.
very good quality of sound, easy to connect, easy to find buttons for volume and talk. overall you can be in a loud environment and people have no problem hearing you.
have tried 4 other bluetooths, another voyager model, a blueant, and the motorola h15.  none of them come close for comfort, reception & transmit quality.  am very happy and would not consider buying any other model at this time.
i received my bluetooth today and so far i am very pleased with it.  the sound is excellent and it has features that i was not aware of at the time of purchase. i love it.
i have enjoyed this headset for 3 years, it worked flawless. last week i plugged in my rapid charger from my samsung note 3 and it fried it. do not use a rapid charger with this headset. learn from my mistake.
the thinks actually works like they said it would. i've tried a dozen diferent ones and this is the best of the bunch.
i already loved this bluetooth headset.  after it went through the washer & dryer and still works perfectly, i proposed to it.great sound quality, comfortable (and i wear glasses), durable (obviously).  if i lost it, i'd buy it again.
this is a superior product that delivers what it promises and a lot more. the sound quality and ease of use are excellent. well designed! the battery life is great. you can't go wrong with this one.
i've had 2 jabra, 1 motorola, jawbone 1, & jawbone 2. this works better. simple as that.
i use this every time i drive.  sound quality is excellent   the first headset i've owned where people don&#34;t ask me if they are on a speakerphone!  very light   easy to forget you are wearing it.  nobody should talk and drive without one of these!
many headsets' volume controls are not compatible with iphones.  those headsets require the user to adjust volume on the iphone, not the headset.  the voyager pro allows both and works well with iphone voice controls.
i've had other earpieces over the years and this one by far is the nicest.  people on the other end are surprised i am talking on a bluetooth earpiece.  it is comfortable and built well.
wow! this is how a bluetooth should be. callers say i am crystal clear. even my girlfriend that don't hear great says i come in loud and clear. i would highly recommend this to anyone.
the sound quality is great on this. people can not tell that i am on a wireless headset.
i have owned three other plantronics headsets as well as two jawbones and this is by far my favorite one.  it fits comfortably in the ear and it is very easy to operate.
i have had a ton of headsets, both wired and bluetooth. nothing is better that this one  period.  sounds great at both ends and does a fine job of filtering out wind noise etc.
purchased it after reading all those good reviews on amazon. i think i have gotten exactly what i expected. call quality is pretty clear. little big and have to keep on adjusting over my ear. but other than that it's a perfect headset.
i have purchased at least of these over the years. no other bluetooth is as comfortable and has the same excellent quality sound. i love this bluetooth
the plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headset is all it is said to be; great sound quality, range, and value. i would definitely recommend to all.
works well, shipped fast.  having some problems now after six months of heavy usage. couldbe sweat/moisture issue.  it goes bonkers sometimes and has to run down and be rechargedand then it is fine for a while.  very comfortable and clear, nice controls.  i would buy another.
i love the plantronics, i have had the plantronics for about a month now and so far it's been great!!
by far one of the best i have owned . with the voice dail feature iv manged to keep a i385 cell 4 years and no sign that i have ever touched the key pad
comfortable, excellent quality and looks nice too! no issues with pairing and multipoint works without issue.
i have had several blue tooth headsets, and this is the best one i have used. sound quality is great on both ends of the conversation. buy it through amazon  i would have paid $40 more had i purchased it at the version store.
far and away the best headset i have ever had. very clear reception for the caller and the person using this device.i highly recomend this bluetooth plus i got a great deal at amazon.com.
i had another bluetooth head set and there was too much noise in my smart car that bothered people i was speaking with.  this head set is much better.
i have used so many earpieces in the past and this by far is the best. comfortable to wear, easy to use. and i got it at a %45 savings. thank you amazon!
plantronics it's the way to go i own more than three of their products and will keep on buying them
love my headset
my first voyager pro was defective as everyone on the other line constantly asked me if i had a cold.  2nd one is loud and clear and an excellent bluetooth.  most everyone cannot believe i am speaking through a bluetooth.
very good sound quality, a lot of battery life, easy to use and very rugged
i have really enjoyed this bluetooth.  excellent audio.  the only problem seems to be that it does not come with a case and a case is not available, so i'm afraid of losing it and at this cost, that is not a good idea.
plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headset is a great item fits well on the ear and sounds great easy to use
what can be said of a bluetooth headset, other than it works great and its comfortable. can't say that about most bluetooth headsets. its either one or the other. i do recommend this product as one of the best plantronics has made!
the product is still working.  i had bought the same item for about ten dollars cheaper and it stop working correctly in about two weeks.
i love this bluetooth headset.  it is lightweight, it charges quickly, you can wear it all day and it has great sound quality.  at first it was a little pricey at $100 but the price has dropped since then.  overall, a great buy.
just as advertised this is the best sound blue tooth on the market!!plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headset
i had one like this before but lost it.  this is made just the same with clear crisp sound.  i was very impressed.
in deciding to purchase this product, i wanted a good description beforehand which is what ama on provided very well. very satisfied with the product and the price.it was shipped quickly and i find the overall service excellentplantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset [retail packaging]
simply put i have purchased and returned every bluetooth headset and this is the only one that works.  it is comfortable and crystal clear.  i love it.
great product & fast delivery.it works fine but i was hoping for a bit more volume and is a bit hard to hear if there is any appreciable background noise.i'd recommend the product & seller to all.
excellent product. very good battery life, excellent noise cancellation and clarity of sound. fits nicely over the ear: i got so used to it that i forget that it is there.
i gave this to a friend for christmas and it's been great for talking on the phone.  no wind or background noise and a breeze to operate.
everything works great. it feels great to wear, i usually forget i'm wearing it. the range is much farther than i expected, at least 50 ft. i think anyone who get this would be happy with it.
loved it so much i bought my wife and daughter one.no problems.works perfect.i drive a lot and i just could not function without it.
this is the best bluetooth i've ever had.  the one's i tried before, including the very expensive jawbone were hard to use, no one could hear me and the buttons were inconvinient.  everyone can here me on this one and it's easy to use.
love this bluetooth ear piece!  fantastic outside noise control. i can hear & people can hear me!  what more could you ask for?
this is a bluetooth used by me and my friends. we drive semi tractor trailers. a hands free headset is vital on our job. this unit is awsome for noise reduction,comfort,ease of use. with plantronics warrinty you cant beat this headset.
i love this headset because of clear sound and good signal. i get good reception in my 1bhk apt where ever i leave my phone. i don't have to carry phone in my pocket all the time.
i've used many bt headsets and this is the best so far, very comfortable and the battery lasts a long time. have been using for a couple years now and still going! just purchased a blue tiger which is great but bulky, i keep going back to the voyager pro!
i got this on sale to use with my ps3.  easy to sync up and hasn't failed me yet.
this bluetooth headset is the best i have ever used. comfortable, easy to use and static free.
what a great bluetooth.  my boss no longer is upset by extra noise!  love it!
the unit works great.  good battery life.  comfortable to wear.  people on the other end of the call say my voice is clear.  i would buy again.
most bluetooth headsets are crap. your either yelling, or the the person on the other end tells to stop speaking into a pillow. great sound quality and people actually hear what i'm saying.
i have owned many bluetooth headsets and this one is the best!! it fits comfortably around the ear and doesn't fall out.  i am really glad i purchased this item.
i have the htc evo and the plantronics synced fine and has given me no problems what so ever.  the fit is comfortable and it is a great bluetooth ear piece.
sadly i had to replace my voyager 510 after many years and the pro has stepped up and delivered just as well.  great sound and quality, comfortable to wear and great price.  highly recommended!
i would buy another identical to this one.  they are great!  i suggest if anyone hasn't tryed this type of ear peace give it a try.
works great.  have had no negative feedback from anyone i spoke with while using this product. sound on my side is very clear.
this is the the best bt headset period.i've tried a bunch of motorola and some jabra ones and this is by far the best. everyone i call can't tell that i'm on a headset and driving. very happy with my choice although i wish i had choosen this one first.
this headset has been very reliable.i highly recommend it.i use it for at least 2 3 hours a day.
its just got the best audio quality.  no one can ever tell that i'm not talking into my phone.  plus i like that i cant forget that its on my head because its bigger (even tho really not that big at all.)
i recently ordered the plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headset and it's the best bluetooth device i've had. the volume is great, it pairs with (2) phones at once if needed. i would recommend this headset for anyone looking for a device that has good volume and low surrounding noise.
i have had mine for eight months and never a problem with battery,connection or broken parts.its the best
this plantronics may not have all the latest features, but it works exceedingly well; hooks up to my blackberry and laptop without a hitch; and can be purchased at an excellent price from amazon.
best blue tooth ever.people think im in a quiet room when im in a loud truck driving. its so comfortable you forget you have it on your ear,
great call clarity and easy to use. if you're concerned about how it looks on your ear find another unit.
the plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headset is the best. i had a cheap one from walmart but it didn't work. it pays to spend a little more and get something that will work. this bluetooth headset is great.
this is my first bluetooth device so i did a lot of review reviewing.  there were a few negatives but most were positive and they were right.  it fits well (i wear glasses), it's easy to use, and the sound is excellent.  a good choice.
plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headset best headset that i have found, the cost is very good and would buy again
i like this bluetooth because it is very clear and easy to hear.  it is a good fit too.  so many of them fall off of my ear while driving and that just doesn't work!
this is an excellent headset.  great sound, easy operation and hookup.  you can even wear this while riding a motorcycle and still hear.
i really like the voyager pro   from all of my research, it is the best option on the market currently.
i've been nervous over the last year about buying this headset. i have an iphone 3gs and read about some problems but i bought one anyways. thank god i did because i've had zero problems with the voyager pro and several idevices. the sound quality is amazing for a bluetooth!
this purchase transaction went by the book. perfect, 5 star.i lose or break earpieces. new ones are expensive. i buy 3 4 at a time at ebay to keep as spares at less than 1/2 the cost. it works out beautifully.
sound quality is good, as comfortable as possible, better than all others i have tried. not really one who likes to use headsets, that being said it serves its purpose, and the sound quality is very good in all conditions.
this is the best bluetooth headset i have ever owned so far.  excellent comfort and best noise cancellation.
best bluetooth yet.  i am hearing impaired and have only one good ear.  this works well and stays in position.  i would recommend it to anyone looking for a godd bluetooth
voyager pro is a very good bluetooth headset. pairing was very quick and sound is better both ways. it is very comfortable to wear for long periods. i already owned couple of other headsets and this beats other head sets hands down.very good buy from amazon.
looked around for awhile before deciding on this particular bluetooth headset.  i thought about getting a cheaper one but was glad i didn't.  great design and easier to use than my last one.  the price was great for the product.
i bought this for my boyfriend, he loves it. light weight, no obstruction when he is wearing his glasses. sound is great, even when its windy. does not come with charger or carrying case, must be purchased separately.
this is my second piece. they all seem to last about a year. from all the previous sets, i like this one the best so far.battery is decent.
this is a very excellent product. you don't even know that this is on your ear. the sound quality is very good.  who ever buy this product will be greatly pleased.
the sound qulitiy is amazingly clear.  it came with several extra services too.  the price was great.  i'm odering three more for my kids.  love it!
i have used most all the newer headsets, including jawbones and others publicized as noise canceling. this is the only headset that has proven satisfactory, with the sound volume and clarity good for both user and caller. i'm glad to finally get a headset that works as advertised.
this is the second one for my husband. since his first one took a ride the washer. its great quality and comfortable to wear. i had to purchase two this time. one for my mother inlaw who had heard rave reviews about it!
best headset.  it is a little heavy but the sound quality far exceeds any awkwardness when wearing it.  i loved it so much i purchased a second one for my spouse.
my friends say it sounds as good as talking on a land phone. definitely, the quality is better than talking directly into the phone itself.  i don't talk on my phone without it.
i've tried many headsets and most don't work that well. this one is fantastic!!! people i'm talking too can't even tell when i'm on a noisy highway.
this headset is everything it's advertised to be. the volume and clarity are excellent and there is virtually no wind or background noise for the person on the other end of the call
this is the best bluetooth that i have had so far and i have owned more than a few.  great audio and the people that i am talking to don't ask me if i am using a blutooth like they used to!!! great product!!!
great price, super product from plantronics, everything was the best from the initial purchase from amazon to receiving the headset in the mail, thumbs up from beginning to end.
very very very good head set. i drive big trucks for a living and my wife says its sounds like im sitting in a quiet library while im driving a noisy truck
best bluetooth headset i have purchased. easy to set up the bluetooth connection. loud and clear sound. study construction and very comfortable.
i've never found a headset that works as well as this one.  most comfortable of all headsets and best sound ever (on both ends of call).
this bluetooth headset is by far the best i've had. its the best bang for your buck in the headset department. highly recommended.
the plantronics voyager pro is everything it is advertised to be.  i was a little skeptical when i placed the order but have been exceptionally pleased.  it is a top grade product and amazon provided a fantastic price. it really lived up to its ratings.
this is really an excellent headset. you don't feel you are wearing a blue tooth. the sound is very clear. people don't even know that your speaking in blue tooth. other advantage of this headset is you can use it for either of the ears.
this headset is a very comfortable over the ear design. it has a standard micro usb charging port, making it easy to use a blackberry or android charging cable.
easy set up and comfortable to wear for extended periods of time.when i am using this in the car people think i am on a land line.i rate this product a+
i am very pleased with the product and the time frame in which it was delivered, the product has b performed to my expectations
i like the design. the quality is good too. this is our second one as the first one was damaged by our little baby.
comfortable fit; can wear on either left or right. sound quality is excellent for speaker as well as listener. i love it
i got this for my boyfriend for him to use while he's at work and the sound quality is great!  it shipped super fast and he got it days later.  i definitely recommend it!
very comfortable (i hate wearing one), easy to use, sounds clear!great buy
works good.  easy to set up and use.  people can hear you load and clear and you can hear them.
i have so many bluetooth headsets, it's ridiculous.  this one finally is clear and sounds as good as holding your phone.  easy to couple.  just a little slow in the "hang up" but if that's my only complaint, i'm thrilled.
i have owned a bang and olufson, jawbone and countless other bluetooths, and this is by far the most comtorable and best sounding bluetooth i have found.i highly recommend it.
awesome device. i can hear well and those i call cannot hear background noise.  well worth every dollar spent! well done, plantronics!
the voyager pro i recently purchased from amazon works great. everything was as promised.  sound quality is good,  and comfortable to wear all day, imho.
i was very happy with the speed of delv and the quality of product  both were outstanding
i really love the ear piece.  it is so comfortable.  does cut down the noise.  i can hardly tell that it is there.
my husband and i have purchaced more than one bluetooth advertized to be "noise canceling , easy to ue and comfortable to wear." at last this one really is!  thank you!
incoming calls are clear and callers can hear you clearly. it's so comfortable you forget your wearing it and it easilly pairs with both my phone and computer at the same time.
my 1st one died but had it for a couple of years.2nd one i lost.  this is the 3rd one and it is great, fits nicely on my ear, forget it's there, clear reception and easy to use.  i would recommend it.
best headset i've ever owned!  i've worn it so much the little rubber ear piece finally broke off.  no complaint, but needed to buy new earbud tips:
by far the best bluetooth headset i have purchased. the sound quality is superb along with the noise cancellation. very comfortable on the ear. highly recommend this product.
very happy with this headset.much easier to deal with than an over the head w/boom. lightweight.may buy another one for backup.
this one of the greatest products from plantronics!! i have tried others that have failed signifantly in the past. the voyager pro out performs any other bluetooth!
i purchased one a few months prior and lost the same. i did not hesitate in placing an order for the same model via amazon. i would definitely recommend this product.
hands down,  best bluetooth headset i've ever used and i've had a few.  callers cannot tell i'm on a headset or in my car,  even with the windows down and sunroof open!
good quality sound good safety on the road battery life is not as much as i'd like and needs to be recharged in electric outlet not car   
i use this headset for work and generally while having the occasional call while driving.  it is comfortable, i can hear other people, and they say they can hear me quite well.  good battery life, great fit, and good performance.  i would recommend it.
i have had this headset for 3 months now and it is really comfortable, easy to use, has a long battery life, and people say they can't tell that i'm on a headset.i have always owned plantronics headsets and they have never let me down!!!
i've owned five bluetooth headsets in as many years (including the jawbone 2).  none can compare to this one.  especially in wind resistance, this headset is amazing.
bottom line on this headset is that it is a well designed, high quality product that works flawlessly. sound quality is fantastic, and people can hear me loud and clear.
i had to replace this again. my dogs love it as much as i do. they have eaten 3 of them so far! i leave it at the office now. little shizu times 4. love it so much i buy the same one.
perfect for on the go and hands free communication. it filters out the wind and some background noises so your party on the receiving end can hear you as clear as you hear them.
i use bluetooth headsets everyday for work.  this one, by far, has the best sound quality on the incoming and receiving side of the conversation of any headset i've used.  the background noise suppression is excellent too.
i have used three previous types of bluetooth headsets in the past.  the clarity of the audio and the noise filter of the dual mic is amazing.  i highly recommend.
fantastic product.  clear calls on both end of the conversation. no static. no echo effect.  great range. long battery life.  i highly recommend this headset.
this is my fourth hands free head set for a pda, and by far the best.
i bouught my wife one as a gift. liked it so much that i had to buy myself one. these things far out way any in the same price range.
i have used ten different headsets over the years, wired and bluetooth, and this is the best unit i have had.  people rarely realize that i am using a headset in the car.
great product!!  my family has been amazed by the clarity of the headset.  i would highly recommend this instrument.  the pro+ is being sold now, but who wants to stream music in one ear.aren't we in the stereo ago now.
this piece works great for me. when i am in a loud tractor there is no back ground noise at all!! charge last all day
this is a great product. most people i am talking to cannot tell i am on a headset. i like it and would recommend it.
i have seached for a bluetooth that was comfortable, had loud reception, clearity and couldn/t find one till i purchased the plantronic voyager pro bluetooth. this was just what i was looking for, it has all the features, from 1 to 10 it's a 13.
very easy to set up. versatile has great range. im hard of hearing so i wear it all the time and  it is so comfortable to wear   you forget you have it on. plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headset
we originally had a parrot but spilled liquid on microphone and never worked right again. this is truly the best for my husband as he can keep in his hearing aid and still hear the whole conversation. works great for hearing aid users.
using with lg env3. has fantastic noise reduction. excellent audio quality.  battery has great endurance and charges quickly.
very obviously a well engineered device. not the smallest and least obtrusive by any means but the voice quality (both ways) noise canceling and control functionality is superb. recommended.
great reception even in the subway also good battery lifeand doesn't make drop calls when in the basementgreat bt ever
plantronics makes the best headsets of all kinds.  the voyager pro is comfortable and clear to hear calls.  special circuitry allows callers to hear you despite ambient room or wind noise.  it is a great earpiece.
i was skeptical about liking the unit, because it looked so different to my oooold motorola unit. but once i used it, i was so impressed with the quality of both the reception and transmission that i felt stupid having being brand loyal to motorola.
bought this for my son for christmas it was on his wish list so of course he loves it. i am not sure how much he uses it but it was what he wanted.
after many bluetooth headsets,  this is one of the best that is out there.  may not be the best looking but it is very comfortable and has a very good battery life.  highly recommend
my husband researched bluetooth headsets for a long time (he goes through them very quickly) and this one is the best.  the sound quality on both ends of the call is crystal clear.
he's been using this for years and still loves it!  even with the window down he still hears your voice
plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headsetlight weight, comfortable with ears, a long battery life with clear voice, advance noise cancelling technology and works fine even through walls.
this gadget is amazing, works great: the voice sounds very clear (listening/talk); cancellation noise does a pretty work, and it connects to two equipments at same time!! (one has priority). the battery last for a while (in my case for 3 days!).very good work!
best ever!
our semi drivers love this bluetooth   they can hear clearly and the person they're talking to doesn't get a lot of outside noise.
my brother and i bought this for our mom who has had nothing but problems in the past with call quality or having headsets stay in her ear. this one stays in her eye and the call quality is amazing! battery life so far is great as well.
a week back i ordered this product, just by looking at all the reviews. and it arrived yesterday. its really nice, very clear voice and i am loving it. thank you guys for writing reviews which made me to buy this.
found it excellent. like redial and voice dial features.voice is clear and audible.it's little big in size though, but it's okay.
this might be the best headset i've ever owned,lives up to all the reviews and hype. my only concer is the boom mike,wish it was made out of metal or some tougher material.would recomend buying the carrying case for protection.
this has been a great headset.  sounds good on both ends.  the noise cancelling works well too.  i use it in some very noisy environments and i am a bit amazed that the folks on the other end say it sounds good.
i love this bluetooth.  it is comfortable on my ear and sometimes i almost forget it is there when i go to take a shower.  it is clear and very easy to use when driving or doing things around the house.
i purchased this for my husband to use with his droid. he says it is very clear and is happy with the quality of the headset.
just as good as they said it would be, a bit big but its ok. i only use it fro driving and for skype so its not as though i go walking around in public with it.
great audio, very comfortable, easy to pair. best i have owned and thats many headsets! highly recommend! thank you sf planet that i perchased it from. came in an unopened original factory box. just what the doctor ordered and more than what i expected, great headset!
i bought this for my wife, who works outdoors. it's usually windy where she works.  this headset completely eliminates wind noise.  i've been using the jawbone 2.  it is completely inferior.
this is a superior item. i have tried three different headset and this is the best. samsung and motorola suck.
the noise canceling feature works great.  no complaints from anyone i've talked to, not when i am talking to them on the phone when i'm talking to them outside in windy weather.  love the price too!
comfortable, clear, plenty of volume. once you have it around your ear, you forget its there until it rings. i've had many other types and this is by far the best one.
this product works as advertised and is very user friendly. i am able to walk and talk even in light wind, with the person i called hearing me clearly.
seriously a great product, fantastic price of course; fits great on the ear and the sound quality is just amazing.
great headset sound is the best headset that i have ever used. you don't even know you are wearing it.
i ordered the plantronic voyager pro headset because my old bluetooth headset would crackle & pop while talking. the new plantronic's headset is fantastic. i can hear people clearly and people can hear me clearly when i talk with no background nosies.
i have tried several bluetooth headsets and got so tired of not being able to hear.  this one works as advertised.  i don't mind the larger size and feel it is very comfortable to wear.  the battery life has been great as well.
i have own four other blue tooth devices and they do not even come close to the performance of thevoyager pro. for clarity and sound there is no other.
still working great after 1 year.  sure beats the motorola bluetooth that broke
this is the best blue tooth ever no nose no background even in a store, i can here who i am talking to and they here me fine no problem.
i use this bluetooth at work and it has exceeded my expectations.  it has excellent voice transmissions as well as audio for the ear.  a+
just as the description reads. clear and no back ground noise . people on the other end of the line say it sounds like a land line phone. very comfortable , most of the time i don't know i have it on.
i love this bluetooth, it fits perfect and it sounds great, i also love how it streams music which is a extra bonus for me.  i w0uld recommend this to everyone interesting is a good quality bluetooth.
i love these headsets. my puppy chewed my other one to death and i had to have another especiallyfor when i'm driving in the semi. great noise rejection and clarity. this is my 3rd, and i will continue toreplace them as i wear them out.
i'm an hearing impaired person. the plantronic voyager pro headset is the ideal headset for me. with its' smart technology, it interact with my hearing aid and the clarity is perfect.
this bluetooth earphone is wonderful.the clarity is great.  my daughterrecommended it to me.  the noisecancellation is great.
the voyager pro is the best bluetooth i have ever owned. the sound quality is excellent. i can hear who i am talking to and they can hear me. at the grocery store, in the car with the windows down, anywhere, i can hear and be heard. best ever.
this is the second of these i've bought (lost the first one). the sound quality is excellent and the battery life is very good.
i had my doubts but people could not tell i was on bluetooth.  helps with the crappy 3g iphone phone ability by enhancing the ability to finally hear your caller.
can't say enough good things about this headset. battery life is great, clarity and noise canceling is excellent, and headset is comfortable. so far so good.
have been using this model blue tooth for a couple of years now.  works with crack berry.  great voice quality.speaking and listening.  good battery life.  portable.  indispensable.
this is by far the best bluetooth i've ever owned (and i've owned many). combine that with the always low amazon price, and you've got a win win situation!!
this item is everything you would want in a bluetooth earpiece. light weight, comfortable and clear both talking and listening. the battery pack is also very handy, allowing you to recharge anywhere even without an outlet. i recommend it highly.
feels good and works great. i like the fact that i don't have to have anything hooked over my ear.
this a great blue tooth headset. its light, easy to wear and very comfortable. voice quality as well as audio is of high clarity.
simple, sounds great, looks great, comfortable.  could have a little more range, and battey life, but over all very happy with product.
it is a goood product, in a good prize. i dont have problem with this. it was a good product.
bought them in august from amazon.com and used them ever since. i like the quality of the sound and that it fits perfect in my ear. last, but not least, the gold edition it's pretty stylish   it's a very good deal on amazon. definitely recommend it!
i love having a case to put it in.  i lost my last one and i know having the case (which also charges the earpiece) will help me keep it safe.
i would and have highly recommend this item.  it is easy to use.  the sound is extremely clear.  people are surprised when i tell them that i am on a bluetooth.
very comfortable headset, and i think it's pretty sharp looking, too.  everyone says it sounds good, and it sounds good on my end as well.  easy to use controls.
plantronics discovery 925 bluetooth earpiece (black)best bluetooth i ever had.sound quality of this headset is awesome. it is crystal clear sound.the headset is super lightweight and this equals comfort.  fits perfect and i can barely notice it's there. i barely notice it.
my plantronics bluetooth headset just went through a full cycle in the washing machine as well as the clothes dryer. it still works. what more can i say?
i had a bluetooth by those company before and it was great. lasted several years of daily use & charging too on a daily basis. i can't do without one earn driving. and amazon is great to do business with!
works great, price a bit high but i preferred a trusted site to purchase like amazon, worth the extra $$
i am very pleased with this earpiece!  its very light, good range, and great sound quality.  i was a little apprehensive about it staying in my ear, but it stays in great!  i totally recommend this bluetooth!
this earpiece (the second i have purchased) has great reception, holds a charge for an exceptionally long time, and is priced very reasonably.  i recommend it to others looking for an earpiece that you don't even feel you have on most of the time.
this is by far the best bluetooth device on the market.  not only is it comfortable to wear, the sould quality is awsome.
we have been using this earpiece in our business for over 2 years now and are very happy with the product.  we had used other products before the plantronics and were never happy with them.  the price is reasonable and they work very well.
i bought this from amazon last month.and boy.i am loving it.sound clarity is very good, easy to setup, and best thing is the charger case included in the package. i highly recommend this.
i recently start to use a corportative blackberry together with my android phone. the multipoint works like a breeze. when i change my android to a iphone 4 there's no problem to pairing.the voice quality is good and range is great!
this is the best bluetooth ever    the sound quality is beyond belief. if you use a bluetooth headset as often as i do then my recommendation is run to your nearest location and purchase this one now!!! would definitely purchase again!!!
i too have tried a lot of headsets. this is by far the best i have ever used. it is extremely lightweight and the sound reception is clear on both ends of the conversation. the only problem is any wind at all and the other party has trouble hearing.
i had my old one for three years i am very satisfied with my new purchase. i might buy a few more before they are discontinuied.
i have had two plantronics bluetooth headsets and four others including the vaunted motorola noise canceling one. as far as i am concerned plantronics is the best in this area of technology.
love this head set. this is my second one. i forget it is in my ear sometimes. good price fast shipping and works great.
was a little skeptical with it just inserted in ear   no connection   but was pleasantly surprised!! have had it for a little while and am still in love with it! the case for the extra charge on the go is a major bonus
the best sound ever! and very convenient! i use it for professional purposes and it is awesome.
we found the plantronics discovery 925 bluetooth earpiece at the lowest price on amazon than anywhere else!  it was the perfect gift for my husband and he was thrilled to finally have an earpiece that was comfortable to wear.
i got this brand new for over half of what i would have paid in the store for it.
it works good and i like it.  i would order again if i have to.  like to order here because shipping was free
i was curious to see if this would really stay in my ear. but, it always stays put and the sound is clear and loud! really worth paying a little more to get this product.
i use sony ericsson bluetooth for years until i got this one. plantronics is doing better job on noise reduction, this is the best bluetooth i ever use. i would recommend this product to friends and family.
this was so nice and eszy to use plantronics is a  great product i got two one for me and one for the one i love. u do the same!
this is the second plantronics 925 that i have purchased from amazon.  i am very pleased with the way all my purchases arrive in a timely manner and also like the fact that i have never had an  ill experience while purchasing on this site. kudos
this is the most awesome bluetooth product that i have ever bought.  i would recommend it to anyone.and my shipment was on time and still in original mfr packaging.  what a wow experience!!!
this was my second purchase of a plantronics earpiece and is still working after 5 years. i use it on a daily basis and has even been through a typhoon along with it's charging cradle. i dried it out and has been working perfectly ever since.
great product! amazing sound! love the recharging case that came with it.sits very comfortably in the ear (comes with 3 different size earpieces).
love the compact size and not having to hook it around my ear.  reception is great.  couldn't be happier!
i love this bluetooth! it works great and there isn't any of the background noise coming thru like others i've tried. i love the charging case. it's so handy.
the plantronics earpiece is great. easy to place on the ear and not heavy like some earpieces. i would suggest this earpiece to other people looking to buy one. thanks, for a great product.diana
i was a little skeptical about this earpiece staying in my ear.  but it does and it works great.  the clarity is terrific.  i really love the carrying case that also serves as a charger for the earpiece.
this is the finest ear piece on the market. i have had several other types. this is the lightest and clearest by far. it has great battery life. +++
possibly the best damn bluetooth ever.all my calls are crystal clear, stylish and light weight, nuff said. hands down the best damn bluetooth of all time.
great earpiece.  i've had other bluetooths but could never get them to fit in my ear correctly (guess my ears are small).  this was perfect.
the unit looks good works great the ease of setting up it's unbelievable. head and shoulders above any other bluetooth iphone i've own.
i am very with this headset so fari alreadt had a few different brand and models and this one is by far the best eververy light on the ear, and preforms very well
i got this about a month ago and for the amount of time i've had it i've loved it.the only thing that takes getting used to is that with my iphone 4 it sounds like i'm on speaker phone, which is common with most other bluetooths as well.
awesome headpiece.been referring my friends to get this one or the 975.takes a minute and a few tries to permanently sync with phone.super comfortable and light, i forgot i had it in once.great deal.
very nice pice of electronics.work perfect, no strange noise, very easy connection.i will recomend to all my freinds.
i've purchased bluetooth since 2004, different brands. only the expensive ones, this plantronics discovery 925 is just the best.
after several disappointing attempts to go bluetooth, this plantronics model makes me a believer.  sound quality is excellent, and after a day or so, i got used to the internal earbud.  it's the only way to go.
i have had several blue tooth's and this one takes the cake!  it doesn't drain my batter as much as the others have and the recharging case is just superb!
i love it! it just sits in your ear and after a few mins you really do forget about it! its just so comfortable and feels like its not even there!
very good  long lasting and fits nice in ear i highly recommend love that it has a recharge case also
this one as my third one lolnir because there's something wrong,its a wonderful ear piece . nmy dog chewed it up, i swear by the 925 model.
i bought this bluetooth headset for my son. he absolutely loves it. it looks great, is very light, and extremely comfortable. the sound is good as well. wouldn't mind one myself.
i got this as a gift for my sister and she tells me she loves it. things she likes about it: it works really well and is really attractive, unlike some of the other bluetooth earpieces.
bought this as a replacement for the same model that was lost and so glad to have found it on amazon. i had used the original for over three years and had become very dependant. works great!
this is an excellent handsfree blue tooth, clear sound at both ends, long battery life and the storage unit is great for travel.
overall great bluetooth headset. very easy set up. the case is quite handy as well. thinking about picking up a second for my wife.
clarity is very good, whoever i'm talking to says they can hear me well. i do hear wind noise though when i'm outside, but not to the extent that i don't like it. iphone picks it up real quick.
plantronics discovery 925 bluetooth earpiece (black) [retail packaging]i was looking for an affordable earpiece for handfree driving   and this works great for me!
after trying several bluetooth devices the 925 is simply the best. it has excellent sound quality and conectivity, time between charges is also good. i have used motorola and jawbone products none of which perform as well as the 925.
so far i have been happy with the bluetooth i use it alot especially because i am on the road alot so far no complaints
this has to be the best bluetooth i've ever owned! better clarity and sound over everthing else i have used before!
 clear sound comfortable fit long lasting battery multiple way to charge: usb charger, lovely case charger very light weight attractive style understandable manual
not necessarily the sexiest device on the planet but works flawlessly. it is easy to use, comfortable and the best value for money out there.
love this bluetooth.  this is my third one (dog destroys them).  have tried several but this is the best one   in terms of comfort and voice quality.
im a blue tooth junkie and buy one every few months. this one works great and has made the person i eventually gave it to happy
i bought this to replace the blue tooth headset that came with my blackberry.  i am very pleased with the improved comfort and clarity of this product.
the product is the best i've used.  sound quality is great!  easy of use.  case is great!  great way to store and charge the bluetooth!
it is very comfortable to wear and connects to phone easy. sound is crisp, clear. enjoy speaking with the bluetooth.
item was delivered before the earliest estimated delivery date. device works great and is very comfortable.
this bluetooth is good because it has a rubber piece for noice cancellation and you can adjust the volume to it too
i've got a 2013  hyundai veloster turbo  with the new key proximity that you carry but don't use it also has hands free bluetooth in the stereo so it's hands free too !
having bought at least 12 prior bluetooth headsets, i have finally found the one!  this is the only one i've seen that fits well, even when walking   just won't fall out.  pairing, volume & fit are all exceptional.  light weight as well.
the earpiece charged up and flasshed the appropriate lights. it was easy to install on my iphone and is comfortable to wear.
my plantronics 925 works great. i just stick it in my ear and i am good to go. being a truck driver on the road i enjoy this product to be handfree so i can keep both hand on the wheel. it is well worth the money.
i have one of these myself and love it so much that i purchased this one for a friend.  i love the idea that the case is a charger as well so you get double the charge after you charge both up!  great product!!
i loved mine so much i bought one for everyone i know as gifts!  they are fantastic earpieces!  the only negative is the three sizes of ear buds are general, and aren't comfortable for everyone.but everyone seems to deal with the sizes just fine!!!
this is only the second blue tooth i've owned, but i have to say it works flawlessly.clear, crisp, no complaints.
this bluetooth is unobtrusive, dependable, gives excellent clarity, both speaking and listening and has exceeded my expectations. bought it on sale after reading some reviews, it lives up to billing. the recharge case is a life saver, don't know how i lived without on others.
this is a great headset.  lost my last one (of two owned), when i forgot i was wearing it and put my motorcycle helment on.  now use the 975 since this one is no longer available.
i bought this for my girlfriend for christmas. she loves this earpiece because it is small, lightweight and comfortable.she wears it all day long and doesn't complain about it hurting her ear. i tried it and compared to my other earpiece the 925 is very comfortable.
bought this item a couple months ago and am really satisfied with the noise canceling qualities, voice clarity, price, etc.  i've experienced no issues since i started using the headset. i highly recommend this product.
great product and it just sits in your ear.  no ear strap which is nice.  works well.
this is an excellent ear piece for my ancient motorola flip phone.  my husband uses one for his latest model smartphones that he blows through every year.  i highly recommend this earpiece.  i just wish my dog would stop eating them.  i've bought 4 so far!!!
top of the line bluetooth earpiece.  nobackground noice or static.  could not be clearer. charging case really increases usage time.
the best bluetooth i have used. typically i have issues hearing the person or being heard. this is a great earpiece.
works well with iphone. easy to operate and is very reliable. quality of sound is very good.
quality product at a reasonable price.  had small problem. seller very conscientious and courteous with customer service and ordered replacement of the item rather than check it out for repair.  definitely recommend this seller.
what can i say except this product is great.  no problems even after dropping it a few times.
i purchased two, one for myself, and one for my husband.  i love it.  there is no static, great at noise cancellation, decent battery life, and comfortable to the ear.  it sounds clear as if you were on your home phone.  i would definitely recommend.
i love the 925. i wear glasses so i can't stand an ear loop, and the 925 stays put perfectly, no irritation. i've only owned motorola bluetooth headsets before, and i hated them all. this 925 i use, and sometimes forget i have it on.
my husband and i both got one   they were easy to pair with my iphone and his crackberry. it takes a bit to get the flashing indicator light meanings down   just keep the little book that comes with it on your coffee table for a few days.
great product.  best bluetooth headset i have.  my previous headsets were by motorola and plantronics discovery 925 blows them away.  a great value too.  because plantronics launched a new version (discovery 975) you can get the 925 now at less than half its previous price.
when i received the blue tooth i opened it an discover it was missing the required pieces  i was very disappointed
this is the third earpiece of this brand that i have purchased. it is the easiest to use and keeps a charge. would highly recommend.
received this project; charges fast and have had no issues with it including range.  i am pleased with the purchase.
amazing piece.wonderful clarity of sound.i use it all the time. i've left it in a freezing car all night and, once, dropped it in freezing slush.all night.and the sucker still works great.this is the best bluetooth, or any headset, i've ever owned.i've had it for about 6 months now.
best headset i've ever owned.
i'm very satisfied w/this bluetooth.  i only wish the case it comes w/had a belt clip attached.
and they liked it. lucky them    it was good. not sure if the friend still has it but i know i loved mine while i had it.
absalutely amazing! works great and i couldnt be happier! i didnt even know the case would charge the earpiece when in storage! awsome!!! highly reccomended!!!
this bluetooth headset is fantastic.  it is extremely comfortable and sounds great.  it is also really light so it is easy on the ear.  another bonus is the charging carrying case included.
the charging carrying case is really good. it fully charges the earpiece without having to connect it to a wall outlet or usb! really good sound, clarity, light weight, and it's one the nicest looking bluetooth's on the market.
this unit has excellent sound quality and is very comfortable to wear.  the carying case has a battery in it to keep it charging while it is in its case.frankly, what more could you want in a bluetooth earpiece?
of the 4 or 5 bluetooth headsets i have tried by far the best. you can hardly feel the unit in your ear and normal hearing disruption is minimal. a little on the high price end but the travel charger makes this a good value for me.
after doing my research this earpiece seemed to be the best choice due to price, functionality, and the charging carrying case accessory! my wife liked it so much we ordered another one for her 3 weeks later for her phone!
just like it says it would. easy to use, they built in backup battery in the case has helped out once in  a while. doesn't need much charging anyway
this is the best bluetooth i ever had. its sooooo comfortable, i hardly feel it in my hear.i recommend it to everyone.
discovery 925 is a great headset. noise cancellation works well, headset sounds very clear. extremely light for it's size and very comfortable. i often forget i'm wearing it.
i love this earpiece, it is very comfortable and the sound quality is excellent.  worth the money!
it was very pleased with the weight of the product and how it felt when in use. it was comfortable and not bulky.
i am very satisfied with the product. people say they hear me really well. i like the case as well because it protects the headset.
i love the multi point feature. i have this unit paired with my computer for voip calls and my cell phone. no more re pairing when switching devices!sound quality is excellent.could be better with wind outdoor functionality. but i still give it high marks!
this is my 2nd discovery 925, after the first one finally wore out after a couple of years.  can't beat the functionality and the awesome no fatigue fit for the price.  works flawlessly with my droid x, and i love that it lets me do voice activated commands.
i could not be happier with an earpiece. i have small ears so this earpiece is perfect and it cancels noise out completely when driving or walking in the wind. couldnt be happier with a product!
this works great with the iphone!!! it is very easy to use and the little charger in a box is cool.  i was having trouble finding a headset that worked with my iphone.  very happy with it and i think the price was good too.
this item is really nice and sounds good. customer sent the item on time and in great condition. great to deal with.
i bought this last xmas for my boyfriend. he loves it! it has great features like the built in battery charger in the case, makes for quick charging on the go.highly recommend.
the product is just as expected. it's beautiful and everyone has a complement.it's wonderfully to listen to and it's heard clearly.
meets the advertised specs, is comfortable, sound quality is excellent.  would recommend it and buy it again.
having gone through at least 10 different blue tooth earpieces and finding none to my liking i decided to try the plantronics discovery. it works beautifully, fits well and the rechargeable box it fits in is something i think every company should consider. smartest thing, no more worries!
worked wonderful until it fell in the water. i move to the lg 730 for 15 hrs of talk time.
this unit fits in your ear and you hardly know it's there, and the sound it great and the price was excellent.
this is worth a buy. looks sleek, and microphone is as good as phone.easy to configure and it has great leather case which is a charger too.i love this bluetooth . it worth buying
i bought this for my husband for a late christmas present, and he loves it, it is the best bluetooth he has had so far and he has a quite a few.
i would recommend this product to anyone needing a hand's free device. i love mine and it has great sound quality. it was very easy to pair with my muktiple devices and holds the charge longer than my old one. overall, great product.
i travel 80% of time and use this bluetooth constantly!  i love it.  lightweight and hasn't fallen out of my ear!  i don't use case, i just put it in a pocket or sleeve in my purse.
this is the fourth bluetooth i buy ( lost some, others not compatible with my phone) this one is the best one. very comfortable, stylish, and great sound quality.
this is the best earpiece i ever have. it sound is clear and the other person can hear me clearly even if i have the car windows down. it stay on place without the need of a hook. love it.
this is the best thing since sliced bread. it's the best price on the market, especially compared to other leading phone companies. after my first one was smashed to bits and pieces, i felt crippled without it. within minutes i was online ordering this same one. ttfn!
this is light and paired easily.  we bought so many of these, we use as backups when one runs out of battery.  why so many?  we kept losing them and only found them after we bought new ones.  these are pretty expensive.
its cool, very clear and light. i had motorola before but i like the platronics better.its good for the money.
i bought this bluetooth for my self and i loved it .and the voice quality is outstanding.great product for the great price.thank you amazon.
this headset is the best yet for fit and comfort.  it goes in easy and stays in place.  it's so light weight you hardly know it's there.sound quality is also the best i've found.no problems with pairing up with an iphone 3g.
small and comfortable, and the sound quality is pretty great.  very happy with this purchase.
best bluetooth i have owned. i can't believe the battery life! tho only thing i regret is losing it when it fell out of my pocket, but it looks like there's been a price drop!
this is the best bluetooth there is.  i have had several, including the jawbone and this one actually stays on your ear.  i almost forget it is there.  amazon is the place to buy it. best buy is double.
good product at a great price. i had paid almost twice as much for the same stuff at a store a year ago i would definitely recommend it!!
i really liked this bluetooth and is hands free. it is working good and i loved it. the shipping was real quick and i recommended it to couple of my friends too.
i've had mine now for over a year and use it several hours every week. it's still as good as the day i got it. the silicone ear cup hasn't yellowed or stiffened. it is really still like new in every way, including the case. great product.
i bought 4 earpieces for family this christmas,they all love them.  the sound is crisp and clear. the fit in the ear is exceptional, even the skeptic is very happy with it, it allows freedom of movement while talking as well as the safety factor in the car.
does the job, i don't use the case, it's just a nice assessory. easy to use, fits in ear nicely. comes with rubber ear pieces of different sizes.
purchased headset through amazon. great service as always. this thing works great. very light and comfortable to wear. sound quality is very good. my wife tried it and really liked it as well. i have not seen it since, except in her ear.
i've had several bluetooth headsets and this one is by far the best. the quality is great and the sound is excellent.  easy to use and the caller on the other end says it sounds great also. i highly recommend this headset.
this is the second headset i have purchased for my children. wind noise is minimal and stays in ear. charger is unique and a great idea.
this is the best piece of equipment i've used.  i've owned different types of ear pieces in the past, but this one is the best!!!!  i just purchased two more for the wife and sister.  the recharging case is brilliant.  don't hesitate, buy this ear piece.
if you are looking for one, look no more. this is it. cool product. works great and the price is right.
this is an awesome headset!! lightweight, and clear as a bell when talking or receiving. it's easy to use and i would buy another anytime!
synced easy and works great, you will love it.  i really like the recharging case, it is super convienant and works well.
pretty pricey but i found it on amazon for a reasonable price. the sound quality is great and the person on the other end has no problem hearing me. i would recommend this earpiece to everyone.
this product is ok,some problem with usb mini port,thats ityou can use this inside your room and car.
this is a great device, very light in the ear, great sound , good reception, love the built in charger in the carry case,it's a keeper
this product is easy to use, and filters out a great deal of the background noise.  the carrying case helps me keep track of the earpiece, and keeps it charged.  i'm very happy with my purchase!
i tried 4 different bluetooths before i found this one. the plantronics is amazing. comfortable, decent battery, and excellent reception. i have had it for about 2 years now and it hasn't given me any problems. highly recommended.
this is the best one i have bought so far. i am heairng impaired and it is plenty loud and works as no other one i have found. great product.
great product holds a charge for several days and the clarity of the calls are great fits well in ear without hurting the ear
sounds quality is very good. no trouble hearing or being heard. i like it so far.
i am very pleased with the plantronics discovery 923 bluetooth earpiece.  i've tried lots of handsfree devices and this is by far the best   clarity, ease of use, no feedback for the person your talking to, comfort   it's a package deal!
this item was purchased for my husband who is in sales and spends hours on the phone driving.  he absolutely loves it   the ease of it and the clarity.  the price on amazon was much less than we found in local stores. great little earpiece.
you get what you pay for. i've tried several models of plantronics bluethooth earpieces. by far, the discovery 925 was the best in terms of (1) ease of set up, (2) sound quality and (3) responsiveness to my pdas (samsung epix, blackberry 8700g)
this is the second one i purchased, it was a gift.  i've had mine for almost two years and still works great.  i get excellent reception and it's comfortable to use.
i have tried a few hands free devices before. most of them very uncomfortable and not clear sound. this one you won't feel it and people hear you loud and clear. i have recommended it to a few friends already.
the sound quality is definitely superb. it works with my i phone 3gs very well. i would recommend it to anyone who likes to talk on the go.
i like how this earpiece does not interfer with my sunglasses.  the carrying case is a great feature.  i don't have to worry about the earpiece getting damaged while in my handbag.
wow, finally a good fit for those who also wear glasses!  this unit is so compact, comfortable & has convenient case included.
clarity for both the user and the person on the other end is the best, range is good, connectivity was simple.  i have never been happier with a bluetooth headset.
i really like the style and comfort of this device and how clear my calls are. i really like the charging case but i only  use the case for storage. i highly recommend this product.
this is a great bt earpiece. easy to pair / setup, good battery life, three charging options and three sizes of gel earpieces to find the right fit. i personally like the gold look too, though black would have been fine as well. no complaints here!
i truly love it.  sound quality is great, fits nicely in my ear and can leave it in my ear for long periods of time and it is still comfortable.
it is easy to use, easy to charge and has a really good battery life. i like the charging box cos it stays protected in my bag when im not using it! definitely a good buy.
this fits and stays in your ear very well   great for people who wear glasses. sound quality is great as well for both persons on the call. lightweight.
i love this bluetooth, it is small but still stays in my ear. it comes with 3 sizes of ear peices so one is bound to fit everyone. i also like the charging case.
this is my first bluetooth.  it fits comfortably in my ear and is very lightweight.  i have had no problems with hearing callers or with them hearing me.  in fact, i recently washed it by accident, and it still works.
this has lasted a while and is pretty clear when it comes to hearing and being heard. my bf has complained it hurts his ear but this may be fixed by changing the insert. this came with a carrying case and it looked very impressive. i would purchase this again
this headset really holds up. i've owned this for a long time now. surprised when electronics hold up this well.
this one is working excellent and shipping is good i got in 2 days instead of 4   7 days and product good at this price compared to motorola this one is more on performance
excellent product. stays in your ear and has excellent sound quality. best i've had. lite weight and charge lasts long time.
this is the only blue tooth that i've had that has no feedback and actually sounds better than talking directly on the phone.  i've used at least 7 different blue tooth and none even compare to this one!
i was so happy with my purchase that i brought a second one. bouth came very fast and i must say i was impress
this is my first bluetooth headset and i am very pleased with it. stays put in your ear and works better than the hard wired headset that i had been using.
i love this product   it fits nicely in my ear, there is no road noise and lasts a very long time on  one charge.  no complaints at all.  and it connects to my iphone in a snap.
this bluetooth headset pairs perfectly with the iphone. the range and sound is very good but it does pick up wind noise once in a while. other than that, i think this headset is great.
i use two of these with my 3g iphone.  they work great.  it is test bluetooth i have used so far.
clear reception and transmission. great sound quality. holds a long charge. extremely light weight, moderately comfortable, but i haven't found one yet that is completely comfortable. the charging case is great because you don't need to pack an extra cable with you.
comfortable and easy to take on and off.  good sound quality.  also like having the recharger so convenient.
perfect size. i stopped using it when i got bluetooth installed in my car, but before that, this was the way to go!
i have been through many blue tooths but this is the best.i have small ears but it fits just right and the sound is good.
after my long journey of bluetooth headset i finally found the perfect one, and this is it.  excellent styling, incredible voice clearity, comfortable, sometimes you wont even realize that it is there, fits perfect in my ear.  don't waste you money with any other products, this is it.
works well, good audio quality, battery lasts a long time.
this headset has great sound quality, i can hear everything that is being said.  and just as important, the other person can hear me without an echo.  i have tried one other bluetooth headset, but everyone complained about the echo.so this took care of everything.
i love this! the ear piece rotates easily and is flexible so it won't breat. the sound quality is great too. i'm very pleased with this.
finally got my first bluetooth headset, settled on this after to numerous great reviews.  no complaints, works well, hearing is fine, compacts and is easy to store and travel with.  i'd recommend it to others!
the plantronics device works well with my treo 700wx and my company issued blackberry 8830. callers tell me i sound very clear and the caller can hear you in noisy environments. great product!!
no complaints from this headset.  it's comfortable in the ear, has a mute function and works flawlessly with my ps3 and krazr!
this is an excellent headset. sync very good with your bluetooth device and fits very good on your ear.
for it's size, it fits nicely around the ear and works very well, no sound loss anywhere. a good buy!!!
i have tried many bluetooth headsets and this one tops them all!  it is priced competitively, battery life is good, sound quality is great and unlike previous motorola bluetooth headsets, this one fits in your ear snugly and stays there!
i have to agree with the majority of previous reviewers, the headset is very good. good audio quality on both ends and comfortable to wear almost all day long!
i'll keep this short and sweet.this is my first bluetooth device. it just so happened that i got one of the best ones out there. i even like the distance i can be from the phone and still talk, with no problem!buy this one.
i bought this not knowing if it would work with my phone.  it does work with the motorola l2.  it was easy to connect.  it's light, and not as difficult to reach the buttons as some say.  altogether a great purchase.
great headset, sounds good and has a long battery life. small and comfortable to wear.
got this bluetooth 4 months ago and is the best yet.it fits so well i fotget i`m using it untill it rings.
it sits in my ears really well.  the buttons are on the back so i'm not pushing into my ear in order to change the volume, etc.
good device.  what you need to do to connect with your phone is to go to the platronics website. follow instructions for your particular phone and provider.it takes few minutes.
this is truly one of the best bluetooth sets i have ever seen or used. for the price its great. the thing behind the ear looks really big, but its actually really comfortable. great buy for the price.
have been very satisfied with the performance of this bluetooth. the sound quality is great and the fit is perfect.
i still use this. works great. holds a charge for a few days. great clarity and pairs well with my mobile phones.
i bought this mainly for use on my ps3, and it works perfectly.  it's comfortable, easy to set up, and the quality is very good.
i own this and have for about 7 months. i loved it. then the volume control popped off. i called planatronics and they promptly replaced the unit. sent it to my home at their cost. i can once again talk hands free.
bought this product for my dad after reading all the reviews. it is very comfortable, easy to use and the sound quality is great.the only thing i didn't like was the on/off button seems hard to push and it is very small.
i love my headset.  it is clear and comfortable.  i could wear it all day.
love this headset. fits comfortably on my ear and has good sound quality for both me and the party on the other end.
much easier to use and provides higher volume leves than a wired device on my nokia e62.
the product is the best i have seen and researched. i am about to buy another one for my wife. fits good in my ear and i can hear very clearly on it.
after four headsets i finally found one that works well! the audio quality is incredible and battery life seems to be exceeding the specs listed as well. having three different earpieces included is also nice.
this is one of the better headsets that i have used.  it has 3 foam earpieces for you to choose from, and the sound is great for both you and who you are talking to.
it's clear both ways( what you hear and what others hear), it's light, it folds, comfortable on ear, price is right too  
love it!  it's the most comfortable headset i've ever worn.  i can wear it for many hours without ear fatigue.  easy to use & very reliable.  you won't regret this purchase.
this is the best heaset yet for me having tried two other motorola flavors. this headset is extremely comfortable in that often i actually forget i have it on. performance is also great   good noise/wind isolation with good clarity. i highly recommend the 510.
the item is the best bluetooth i ever owned. i will repeat buying the same one if this one goes bad after a while
i really love this i owned a motorola before but this one is far better and excellent sound quality on both sides of communication
this is my second time purchasing this headset, i wore my first one out. great sound quality, fits well, comfortable. i highly recommend it.
i brought this bluetooth for my mobile and laptop for using with skype/yahoo. it worked with both too well and have good battery life.
this is a very good bluetooth headset, however i recently purchased a newer plantronics as the sound quality and smartphone compatibility has changed since i bought this one. i still use this with one of my cellphones and it has lasted over 3 years now.
both reception and transmission are great.  no one complains that they cannot hear.  this is comprotable and stays on.  i like this better than my jawbone.
this is the best bluetooth headset that i have used. the audio quality is great, with good cancellation of background noise. the operation is intuitive   i especially like the ability to mute a call from the headset. i use the headset with two different phones with no problems.
this headset works great. it fits on my ear and doesn't feel like it is going to fall off. the sound is also great. i haven't had any problems with it so far.
had one identical to this before; got this one even cheaper & it works wonderful!
my husband loves this bluetooth headset, uses it all the time. the amazon's price is great, cannot compare it with the local stores.
this is a great device. it works really well. i haven't had any problem since i bought it a month ago.
after doing my wash i open the lid and what do i see my new blue tooth on top ! i assumed this was toast ! i ordered another one , after two days i charged the blue tooth and it works great and is alot cleaner !
the 510 arrived in a timely manner. i've used it for three weeks now and i love it. this is my third blue tooth headset. this is by far the best one yet.
plantronics makes really good headphones. from the bluetooth for your cell phone to the blooth for your office phone. these are great.
this is my second plantronics voyager 510 headset.  i use it in the office all day.  it is very comfortable to wear and has a very good range and voice quality. now that the price is so low at amazon, i can't imagine settling for less.
since my state just passed a law requiring a hands free device while using a cell phone when driving, i purchased the voyager after reading other reviews.  it's been perfect!
most other bluetooths i've tried keep falling off my ear. this one has been perfect. it's very comfortable so i don't even feel it's on me most of the times.
i love  it  it has  clarity  the  volume  is great  for  noisey conditions.i recommend  this product.
very good sound receiving and transmitting.the best out of threethat i have owned.
i am using this headset with a at&t; 8525 cell phone. it sysnch up immediately and has great volume control. i seems to eliminate all of the external noise and wind sounds.i highly recommend this for anyone that has a problem hearing over a normal cell phone.
i purchased this as a gift for my nephew . he says it's great !!!
this is the best fitting headset i've ever owned and the sound quality is great!  the noise canceling does a very good job as the people i speak to have little problems hearing me in most situations now.
i originally purchased a motorola headset and found that it would never stay securely on my ear.  the plantronics 510 is very comfortable and it stays attached even if you shake your head. also has very good sound quality and battery life.
this product is excellent.  i have to turn my phone (verizon wireless / samsung sch a950) and the headset down.  im shocked. i had it before it was supposly shipped out.  i'm going to keep buying from amazon.
works so much better than my last one!!!  almost gave up on bluetooths, thanks so much.
i previously owned a plantronics 640 discovery and i would rate this one much better. the answer button is easier to use and the clarity of the call is much better. it also seems to be a lot more durable and is very comfortable to wear.
1st review ever, this thing is so clear so loud i had to buy it again if you have iphone 4 is the perfect fit
used this headset until i broke the earphone piece.  that was 3.5 years.  can't ask for better quality than that.
i had another bluetooth headset before this (jawbone) and this one compared to the other one is better fitting on the ear and has better noise canceler.
i have used other headsets,both wired and non wired ad this is the best,most comfortable,and easiest to use.i'm a truck driver and am subjected to all sorts of noises and we all need to go hands free and this is the way to go.
very nice product that does what it is made for:  clear sound, comfortable and durable.  the others i have bought would brake withing weeks.wasted money, no matter how good the sound was!  would recommend without hesitation.
i had a motorola earpiece which never stayed on my ear and reception in the car was poor at best. the plantronics 510 offers comfort and great clarity. this is a great earpiece especially given the great price through amazon.
this is a great bluetooth headset, especially for the price. i am completely happy with the sound quality.
i have not had a problem since i got. it even works great with the ps3 and is crystal clear. a must have device for the price. good quality item and sound.
both my wife and i purchased these to promote hands free cell phone use while driving. i have since found it so easy and comfortable to use that i use it for around the house and business calls. it is easy to use and very comnfortable. highly recommended.
everything mentioned in the manual worked, including the 'advanced' ones, like call transfer, call reject and redial. the sound quality is supreme, better than the wired headset that came with the original phone. well worth my $50.
i bought this bluetooth headset for my daughter.  she is very pleased with the quality of sound and comfort factor, as well as distance she can be away from the actual phone and still have a complete signal.this headset is worth the money.
i've owned 4 different blue tooth models and this is by far the best one.  i recently purchased one for my wife.  long battery life, great ear fit, great sound, easy to use.  i highly recommend it.
i love this blue tooth! i had my first one chewed up by my puppy and have purchased a second one now.  i often forget it's on my ear because it's so comfortable.  the sound quality is great!  i would definitely recommend this product!
i tried out several different bluetooth headsets before deciding on this one. it is comfortable and easy to use and definitely worth the money.
i was very pleased with the prompt service. my headset arrived with all that was displayed.
this is a great headset. i've tried several, including the first gen jawbone and this one is better. audio is clear, headset is a little large but is still comfortable, and the mic is excellent.nothing bad to say.
i have used several bluetooth headsets and this has turned out to be the best i have used. the noise reduction allows for calls to made in the car or outside, which was a problem with prior units.i'm so happy with it i'm buying another voyager 510 for my wife.
i have found no problems as yet really like it alot better than my motorola headset
best i've seen for the hands free devices. good quality and keeps a charge all day.
product was excellent   however, i paid extra for 2 day shipping on an item listed as "in stock" and did not receive it until over a week and a half later.
i had one of these before and the dog chewed it up.  great reception and easy to use.  extremely fast delivery.
i read all the reviews and picked this one love it. i am a truck driver and needed something to block all the background noise it works great.
outstanding quality.  this is the second plantronics headset i've owned.  all of them have been wonderful.  the little foam boots they sell to reduce wind noise don't work.  i wear mine everyday and almost all day.  very comfortable and light weight.
it great, loud, and clear.  but, if you have a small head or small ears . you may want to look for a smaller version.
easy to turn on and off, connects every time, easy to set up. this unit has very good volume and others hear me very well.i recommend this product.
the product works as advertised. i have had no problems with the use of this product.
an excellent product. the ear piece is comfortable and doesn't hurt. my prior unit hurt my ear after an hour. the sound is clear. i would recommend it to everyone.
they are comfortable, they pick up voice easily and well, the sound is great, and the design is so comfortable that you have to feel with your fingers to find out if they are on.
larger than most headsets but great quality. good distance and insertable ear piece makes for better sound while driving.
this bluetooth has the best noise reduction than any i have tried and i have treied a lot of them.
this is an awesome item.  looks nice, feels nice, and works great.  i can hear crystal clear and everyone i talk to hears me just as well.  it stays on my ear perfectly through anything just short of violently shaking my head.
this is the best overall headset i have used so far. great fit, great sound quality, windnoise much better than the motorola h500.
i have used a number of bluetooth headsets, and i've been very impressed with the versatility, function and voice quality of this device.
i have used several bluetooth headsets including motorola and logitech, and this is by far the best one i have used so far.  nice and loud, easy to put on, perfect sound.
works very well.  i bought this for my ps3 and it hooks up very easily.  sound quality is good and easy to use.
voyager 510 meets the need. the battery life sees to keep on going. device is easy to use, pairing and volume controls right at your finger tips.
it's great.  the sound is good both ways.  it's comfortable.  great price.  i'd do it again.
i'm truck driver and i couldn't find headset for me, becouse my truck is very noise. voyager510 sound quality is exellent and my friend can hear me not my noise truck. trackers exchange old headsets for voyager510.
plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth is very easy to use and never drops calls.i only bought another brand of bluetooth because i'm that kind of person who thinks that the more expensive a product is, the better. this time, i was wrong.
i bought this bluetooth headphone for my mom for her birthday. she loved it. then, i purchased one for myself, and i love it too. it is very light on ear and works great.
this item is just what we were looking and a lot cheaper than any other website.
easy to setup, great sound, earpiece fits snugly and does not flop around like my previous bluetooth had a tendency to do. i would definitely recommend purchasing this product if you are looking for something that works well.
received item fast and in original package. have used it for about 2 weeks and it has worked better than i would have expected for the price.  no problem in moderate wind and voice calling is great feature
after doing much research i really like this headset.  i can hear the person i am talking to clearly and the other person can hear me well.  very satisfied.
its the best bluetooth ear piece i have tried and i have tried a lot of them.
this is my first bluetooth headset, but am very pleased.  after reading reviews and doing my research, i came to this one.  very easy to use, and works great.  ordered from amazon, and had in two days when it was estimated to 5 8!
the first one is over a yr old and i just like having 2 around.  after many trials with bluetooth headsets, i will never use anything other than plantronics and this is the overall best model i've used!  the 520 is nice but this one rocks!
i love this headset.  it fits into my ear and i get great sound.  i would definatley reccomend this to anyone looking for a bluetooth headset.  so far no troubles at all from it.
this headset works and fits great.  its reception is not perfect, but what bluetooth product is?  good call clarity, battery life, and stays on my ear well b/c it wraps around back of ear (i have avg sized ears)
it's the best i've had so far.this is the fourth unit i purchased and it's the best, fits great on your ear and sound it's really good and loud! i would buy it again without a doubt.
this product lived up to its name with its predecessors having been used on the moon in 1969. perfect clarity, an excellent signal, great battery life and a versatile, yet stylish look provides an headset well worth the money. highly recommended.
five stars for:  clarity, both hearing and being heard, with excellent noise cancellation, including wind noise  price  comfort  battery lifethree stars for the poppy seed sized power switch
this is an excellent bluetooth headset.  plenty of volume and very comfortable.  i have been using it for a couple of months and i am very pleased with it.
living life in a fast pace makes this bluetooth very convenient for me. not too complicated and the flexibility of the product is great.
i love the fit sound and wind noise block and you can barely feel you're wearing it.  now if only my phone had as much talk time as the earpiece (plantronics voyageur 510).
this is great. not a single problem. hearing is great & i am told that i can be heard without a problem.
works as expected.other reveiws have said the power button is hard to operate. this is true.consider how much electronics you will be putting behind your ear.  over all worth the money. go for it.
some bluetooth headsets (aside from looking really lame) feel very heavy on your ear after a while. this one is light and sounds great. nobody on the other end has ever had a problem hearing me when i'm on this.
i  have  spent  hundreds  of  dollars on  these blue  tooth  items  this  one is  the  one  to  buy and  be  done with  it.  great
i have had several of these headsets, unfortunately stolen with purse and it was the first item i replaced as i love how comfortable it is and well balanced.  i have had three other brands as well and disliked them one being the jawbone, too uncomfortable for smaller ears.
this is my first bluetooth headset and it works very well with my palm treo. the sound is clear, and i can still feel comfortable after talking 30 minutes.a minor complain is sometimes it is not easy to put it on the ear by using one hand.
finally, i can hear and it doesn't cut out when you take one step.  glad i upgraded from the plantronics 320.
i started with the motarola and returned it quick!!  i got this one and it is far superior.i love it and everyone i have ever called has always heard me clearly.
wonderful device.  great sound, battery life and will not fall off of your ear.  if you are considering buying a bluetooth, this is definitely the one the purchase.  i have recommended this bluetooth to several friends and they all share my feelings on the product.
the headset is nice and lightweight. try a couple of the ear pieces and find the one that works for you. first one didn't work quite well but the second one i tried was the perfect fit. sound is clear and nice no problems there.
great product.i researched bluetooth headsets for about a month and this seemed to be the best one.i was not let down. the sound is great and is very comfortable.i recommend this to anyone
this headset has been great.  the worst thing about it is that sometimes it's too loud.
i was able to simply and quickly pair this headset with both my windows mobile smartphone and my mac, and it worked like a charm with both. volume is adequate, even in a car with the windows down, and the people i call have never complained. highly recommended.
i love this headset. i've owned several bluetooth headsets, the last two being jabras. the voyager 510 has the best sound by far, is comfortable for all day wear, and was half the cost of my jabra 500. it folds up nicely and fits in a shirt pocket without being obtrusive.
i have had a couple of headsets but this is first one the people i am talking to sounds great.  it is great and i am going to uy my wife and 16 year old son each one.
bought one as gift, one for myself. headset has excellent reception and transmission, very few callers even notice that i am hands free. long charge life. quick recharge. comfortable on ear. highly recommended after trying a couple of other not so great earpieces.
very easy to use and set up. very comfortable to wear sound quality is very good.
i have used this brand of headset for years they last a couple years with daily 10 hr use, fits great. once in a while they sound terrible but amazon makes it super easy to return.
others have said i am very clear when i use this headset.no problems.connected very quickly to my lg phone.buying another one for my wife.  you can find replacement earbuds online for just a few dollars.aaa+++ product.
a great product, sound is very clear. even when driving with the background road noise. it stays charged for a long time. very comfy to wear. i would highly recommend it.
i am not only please with the product but also the cost i got it at.
enjoy this great headset in my everyday work experience, no more digging for the cell phone while driving. it is so light i don't remember that i have it on. i like the reception and audio out my clients hear me well. i would buy it again!dave williams cfp
great bluetooth.comfortable and lightweight.  i have tried others and this is my 2nd plantronics 510.  small on/off button, but not a problem.
product works very well and for a long time. i like the noise reduction circuit in the longer boom mic. it has very clear reception.finaly
if you are married, you know that the title says it all. she loves it too.
i have two phones and it works well switching back and forth. i can wear this all day. i stopped noticing it much after a few days. the soft foam pad does not irritate my ear. i have had other types with rubber ear pieces that bothered me.
fianlly   a bluetooth headset that works!  everyone i talk to says it sounds awesome!  can't tell i'm using the wireless headset.very nice!
this is the third bluetooth headset i've had. this one is the best. the sound quality, the length of the charge, the fact that it "plugs" into your ear comfortably.  absolutely the best one i have ever had. buy it!
the 510 is perfect!  it is light weight, comfortable, and the compatibility with the voyager docking station. i have one headset for all my phones including home, cell, work and ip phone.  it is great!
great sound, great transmission. lightweight, comfortable.  maybe not the easiest to get on as it curls around the ear.or i'm just challenged.  however, once mounted, it's pretty secure!linking to my lg 8300 cell phone was a breeze.
excellent product, sound quality is great.  i'm never asked, "gee, are you on a headset?" like i was with my last one.
i have had this headset for over two years and it works great!i recently bought another for my fiancee. it feels like you not wearing anything, yet it doesn't fall off. the sound clarity is excellent and eliminates alot of background noise.
the plantronics voyager is the best earpiece i used.  the product description however, was missing important information.  nowhere does it say that this product comes with a charger.  thus, i had to purchased a charger from a 3 party vendor.
gave this as a gift to my son. he has enjoyed it immensely, and says that he prefers the microphone to the all in one models.
i have tried two motorola earpieces before this one and the plantronics is the best hands down.  it has great clarity sending and receiving, doesn't flop around and is very lightwieght and comfortable.
this is the best headset of all. clear of noise, comfortable on ear, works great
this headset is clear and comfortable to wear and comes highly recommended as a good buy in blue tooth headsets.
this works very well.great distance and the sound and voice quality are very good. everyone remarks about how clear it is when talking to them. very nice unit!!!
i replaced my motorola h850 with this unit.  so far, it has better clarity and sound, and i think it will be more durable becuase of its design(no folding boom arm to break).  not as sexy as the h850, but better in terms of sound quality.
the 510 sounds and transmits the best. i have tried several others and like this one the best. i drive a semi and it does not pickup the background noise. stays charged all day.
i have tried many bluetooth headsets and this is by far the best.  excellent noice cancellation technology although strong wind will still make conversation difficult.
so far so good.  product works great.  can hear clearly on both ends
i have used several ear bud type bluetooth products and i like the plantronics vovager 510 the best. although i was hesitant due to its size, after using one for about a year i forget it is there. i like the sound quality and the long battery life.
my son put me on to the plantronics voyager. it is awesome. the sound is great and the people i talk to can't believe how clear my voice is. also, a great price.
this palntronic blue tooth is absolutely the lightest, best reception of any i have ever owned.  its beats othe plantronics, and motorola all to pieces.
this is a great product.  comfortable to wear, clear sounding to both ends even in the car and easy to use.  i have had at least 5 different headsets and this is the best one that i have come across.plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset with multipoint technology
excellent quality.  can hear very clearly on this bluetooth.  best bluetooth i have ever purchased.
i've had this product for 3 months now and can't say a bad thing about it.  it's comfortable, it doesn't fall off, it works great.  as a matter of fact i just got another one for my wife.  she loves it too.
i had a motorola headset that echoed very bad and i did not like it.since i was told by a friend about this product i have enjoyed it tremendously and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great headset device.i am very pleased with it's comfort and sound quality.
this bluetooth is worth the money. it has clear sound quality and a comfortable fit.
i purchased two.  they work great.  are very light.  would purchase again.
we have been using the voyager 510 bluetooth headset for 2 months now and have had no problems at all. the conveniece of not having to be attached to the phone is great. the quality and consistent performance makes this worth having.
i love it.  was a christmas gift to myself and i am enjoying a hands free cell phone.  was recommended by my brother.  have had people ask about it since they have seen mine.
i like the sleek aerodynamic shape, along with the flawless and comfortable operation of the headset.
this is the fourth bluetooth headset i've used (3 other motorola's), and this is the best by far!
i found the headset to be the best one i have tried so far.  it is lightweight, stays on the ear and has good sound quality.  the battery lasts a long time also.
very easy to use and don't have to ask the person to repeat. the best part, it's much safer while driving.plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset with multipoint technology [retail packaged]
i bought one for work and used it for a year or more with no complaints, so i bought one for my wife and she uses it constantly and loves it.  highly recommended.
i had a $5 samsung one previously and my friend kept complaining that he can not hear clearly. now, nobody complains. though this one is a little bit expensive, but i can assure you it worth it.
i love this bluetooth headset. it is easy to set up, and works great. there are no problems with hearing or speaking. great for driving or anything you need hands free. highly recommend.
great headset. all the wireless feature (voice dialing, redial, remote answer, etc.) work perfectly with my sony z520
this is a very comfortable compact headset that works flawlessly with my razr. follow the directions and the setup goes very smoothly. i especially like the ear bud (comes with two sizes) that locates the headset over the ear canal. the headset works great around the house or in the car.
i've been thru a few headsets. this one is solid and has great sound. i'm really happy with it.
i finally purchased a bluetooth phone (samsung a900) and was pleased to find that the headset was easy to connect and works better than expected. now i don't have to be jealous of other nerds who walk around with things sticking out of their ears.
great device. i have a work phone and personal phone and i can easily switch back and forth between phones. pretty comfy, could be a tad louder but i'd definitely buy one again
i ahve been using the voyager 510 for about a year now.  the way you can switch between the cell phone and my desktop phone, makes it by far the best headset i have used.
this plantronics headset is excellent.  the noise canceling feature is great and the audio is clear and from what contacts tell me the broadcast quality is excellent.  a good product from a highly respected company.
excellent quality of the sound. my counterparts hear me clearly as well.and i can easily answer calls while driving.
this is the best of the bunch. although it picks up wind outside, this is a super clear headset. i've done your shopping around for you. if you are looking for a blutooth get this one.
this bluetooth paired immediately with my lg phone.  now i need to figure out how to use it. i get confused when it is in my ear and still need to fumble with cellphone.  it will just take time, i'm sure.
this has to be one of the best headsets out there, i have used many and this unit has to be one to beat. no issues whatsoever, great quality and easy to use.
very good sounding both ways but not usable in 18 wheeler. mic is overwhelmed by the 75 to 100db of ambient background noise. good noise canceling in other environments.not good outside in wind even with new mic grill.
needless to say, this is one of the hottest bluetooth headset out there.pros: loud and clear output; volume adjustment is great; comfortable to wear; comes with several earplugs that fit your ear; cool; long battery timecons: clear but not loud input
i love this earpiece. i can walk all over my house with it and its crystal clear. ive gotten so accustomed to using it that sometimes ill put my phone down while on then bluetooth and have to remember where i put it.  its great!
suprising good quality.  usable even in my convertible on the freeway.  it's just what i was looking for.
my husband needed a blue tooth with a boom he could use in his machine shop. while not perfect this one serves is needs.
this is the first bluetooth that has actually been worth the money i paid for it.  others either were uncomfortable or function was low quality.  this one stays on my ear all day, no problem, and delivers good quality calls.  good product!
works fantastic. highly recommended. hundred times better than the motorola h700
great volume   great battery life   great transmissions   great price!watch out you dont go over your limit. keeps you on calls longer and can be costly. highly recommended at $41.00!!!
this product has done alot for me. i've used it with multiple phones and even my ps3 and it has never failed on me. great quality headset! easy to use and to link to. dont regret buying it.
had originally bought a mortorola best buy but returned it due to a "hum" and unwanted background noise.  found the plantronics 510 at best buy   then bought it on amazon for about 1/2 of the price.
i have been using my voyager for over a month and i love it. the sound is clear and the quality is outstanding. amazon was simple to order from and my unit arrived timely and as expected.
learned from a friend about this one talks and sounds good.talk time is over 6hrs.
bought this headset for my wife. she loves it and has found it very easy to use. that from someone who is, to say the least, "technologically challenged" is a great compliment.
this is the best to date for me   have been using se units of past.  this has superior voice clarity, and very loud ear speaker.  also very comfortable. highly recommended!
this was a christmas gift for my wife, the traveling saleswoman.  the wind and noise cancelling in this headset was the big selling point and it works as described.  it connected with her blackberry on the first try.  so far, so good.
i have tried many headsets. all give discomfort  except plantronics 510just remember to remove it at night. it's delightful to have a product that's better than expectedeasy to control and hear.
i've had many head sets in the past and this by far is the best. sound clarity is superior and the control button for volume is easier to access so you won't get mixed up with the command button.
this was my 4th attempt to buy a bluetooth headset that really worked. the incoming and outgoing clarity is first rate. the wearing comfort is second to none. the one drawback is the on/off switch. this is minor compared to all of the plusses.
it's easy to use, can be adjusted to fit either ear, and the battery lasts a good while between charges.
had this headset since 2006. it is still working except battery won't last any more. so great run for 4 years. giovanni
i have tried many many bluetooth headsets.  this one is fantastic.  it's comfortable, doesn't move around your head when you move, it's loud enough to hear very well, and the noise cancellation actually works.  i highly recommend this product.
this bluetooth headset is definitely worth the money. it works great and fits comfortably. the sound and quality from the earphone is great and there is no static. easy to use and should be recommended to anyone
i am very pleased with this headset.  i drive a truck and it is very noisy, this headset filters out the noise and the people i am talking to can hear me.
by far the best bluetooth headset i've used.  the fit is very comfortable, the volume is outstanding (typically i have it adjusted to about 60% of full volume) and from the folks i've asked, no one has said anything negative about the reception.
good sound quality. on/off button a bit too small and those that's all thumbs that needs to be held down for 3 seconds to turn on or off.
i love this blue tooth. especially the auto dialing feature. driving down the highway and tap the auto dialing twice and it redials my previous number.talk time is excellent also very comfortable to wear.
i tried two other headsets and this one is by far the best.  very comfortable and very  loud. also, i am told that it sounds very good on the other end.
this is a great bluetooth headset. it has excellent call quality both incoming and outgoing. it's not the most attractive or small bluetooth, but it sits comfortably in my ear and i'll happily sacrifice a tiny bit of style for it's reliability and quality.
this is a great bt device.  it fits the ear better than any headset i've ever tried.recption and transmission seem to be just fine.  i recommend it whole heartedly!now i just have to buy another one since i just lost mine the other day.
headset works great. much better than the last. charges fast and lasts up to six hours. static is minimum. you just cant get to far away from the phone, but, that's with any headset. the headset was exactly as it was described.
read many reviews and shopped extensively before settling on the plantronics voyager 510.  it works perfectly, with exceptionally clear sound and great voice quality on the callers end.  definately recommend it.
the headset is light weight, easy to use, reception is clear & the people on the other end don't complain about clairity. i strongly reccomend this product.
on time delivery. i am using this product from about 2 weeks and no problems yet.
listeners can't tell that you're on a wireless headset. focuses on your voice.  very, very, very low background noise.
works well, hold the ear better than the scala 500 it replaced.  very light and sound is clear.
the plantronics voyager 510 is super. fits comfortably in the ear, and great sound.  keeps the noise around you down.
i tried the h700 and didn't work. this earpiece gets the job done at a very reasonable price noe.
great product and a very reasonable price.  easy to pair with my casio gzone and blackberry.  clear reception and excellent support of voice commands.
this is a great headset, great value, top quality, comfortable.  i had to return it because my treo (all treos) have crappy bluetooth capability.  just counting the months until my verizon contract expires and i can get an iphone.
great price and great sound.  i have been through at least 3 other types of ear pieces and this one has the best sound quality.
the sound quality is my major concern when i purchased this blue tooth haedset. the sound is clear and it's comfortable to wear than other headset like the motorola one i had before. the overall quality is better than plantronic its own latest and smallest headset.
it works, no dropped calls, very comfortable, battery life has been sufficient for me.  i use it with an lg vx8300.  pairing was a breeze.
the plantronics 510 bluetooth is outstanding.  the clarity of the calls is unbelievable.  it is so clear that i actually have the volume set to zero.  i would highly recommend this item.
i have used the plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset daily for several weeks now and i am very pleased with it.  the sound quality is very good and the headset is very light and comfortable to wear even for long periods of time.
i've had this headset for a couple of months now. works great with both, my phone and bluetooth enabled laptop, and switches seamlessly between them. since i do a lot of skype calling, the multi point technology is really proving to be useful. overall very satisfied with the headset.
one of the best product on market. it looks good, price is very resonable and quality is exeptional.
this is an amazing purchase and i have no problem using it with both my macbook and my nokia 6021. no problem wth the volume and had a good comfort fit (comes with different ear fits for best fit).
sound quality is great. switching between devices can be a little tricky but once you learn it is easily done.
no need to write a whole lot.this is simply the best bluetooth you can buy.
lost my orignal one. would not have any other type replacement. love this thing.
i think the title says it all.  the signal is strong, battery life is more than acceptable, it stays in place and i can wear it all day without my ear hurting.  not the prettiest design or the most discreet look, but it just works.
no complaints at all. this is the ii unit i am using and i think plantronics makes the best of the blue tooth sets without any doubt
had a voyager 510 before and the plastic cracked after a couple of years.  the new one works very well and is as comfortable as the old one.
i have tried many bluetooth units and were never satisfied. i have purchased units which cost much more than this unit. but this unit is best bluetooth unit i have used. i would recommend this unit to anyone wanting a quality bluetooth.
holds a charge longer.  has better noise cancelling.  i had the top end of a popular name brand, and that one was terrible.  this one is great.
i purchased the voyager 510 bluetooth for my daughter who is in college, and she's got nothing but good things to say about it. very easy to operate, and lightweight.
this is an excellant item at an extremely great price.  the delivery was also very fast.
easy to wear and operate! all my family members that use this type of device use  the voyager 510.
great purchase!  saved over $50!  it works great with my q phone, it's very clear!jim farrior
it can't get any better. the range is amazing. i can leave my phone in the car, go in the gas station, and never lose my call. stays close to your head, never falls off, perfect design.
this headset is outstanding.  i never take it off!  the battery life is better than stated.  i highly recommend this product and at a great price how can you go wrong!
i used this product with the t mobile mda. "hand's down" this is the best hand's free device i have ever used.
the pv 510 has a good audio. you can hear as well as be heard. if you move around a lot with your job the 510 stays on your ear without bouncing or falling off. it has a nice battery life. highly recommended.
this is my third bluetooth. works better than the previous two. great sound, clear and crisp. easy to pair with my razor. im a gadjet kinda guy and this is a great one. this engineer recomends it.
both listening and talking the headset is clear as a bell.  very confortable fit around the ear.  very adjustable.  this was a good purchase.
the best!
i have tried quite a few bluetooth headsets, including the new jabone aliph and this is the one that i am asked to repeate myself the least on.  the wind smart technology really works.  it is also very comfortable   i forget that i am wearing it!
i wear this in las vegas heat for 4 to 10 hours and it is super comfy and does not die on me, don"t waste valuable $$ on others this one is the bomb!!
this is the first plantronics bluetoooth i have owned.  the 510 is very good on many fronts: 1) easy bluetooth link to phone 2) easy on/off and volume controls 3) superior tone 4) comfortable ear rest.  i would highly recommend this unit. a sure 5 star product
this is just one in a long line of bluetooth headsets that i have owned. it isn't pretty or fashionable, but it is the most functional, quiet and comfortable that i ever used, not to mention the good price. i am very happy with this item.
sound is clear and it is very comfortable to wear.  it holds a charge for a very long time.  simple to sync up and i use it with 2 different devices.  good user interface.
the sound quality is excellent! best i've ever used. it's larger than most, but the battery life and incoming/outgoing sound is better than speaking on the phone. people cannot tell that i am using a bluetooth. highly recommend and at its current price it is a huge bargain!
the piece is easy to use and fits well in the ear.  i feel the battery should be longer lasting, but all in all it's a good product for the money.
the sound quality is loud enough.  the quality is great.  no one complains on the other end as well!!!
this headset works perfectly! no complaints from anyone i'm talking to. with my old one, people were requesting i turn it off. now they don't even know i'm using a headset!
the sound and clarity of this headset is exceptional. there is no hollow sound and the mic picks up your voice very clearly. other friends and family have ordered this headset based on the positive experiences that i have had with this purchase.
i have had at least five different bluetooth devices, this is by far the best and at a great price.  i have also bought one for my girlfriend she loves it as well. best sound clairity by far, good battery life, i probably get over 50 calls a day.jeff
this is a great earpiece.  i use it with my iphone.  never had a problem!
i am very happy with this headset.  i can hear calls really well, it is comfortable and makes using my phone easier.i highly recommend it!
i really like the 510 bluetooth by plantronics and it was affordable.  people tell me that they hear me loud and clear, so i am happy i bought this item.
i love this bluetooth that i had to get one for my friend because it worked so well
excellent item, i have used outside inside an the people i talk to do not even notice that i am using a headset. only down size is that it does not come with a bag or holder so i have to keep it in my pocket.
i use this headset with my treo 650 and it works great. i like it so much, i brought one for my wife (razor), son (chocolate) and his fiance (kazor). it works great with all their phones and the sound quality is fantastic.
i've had many headsets and this one beats them all and at a great price!
wow, what a relief. i was starting to believe that all bluetooth headsets performed in the same way. to think i'll never hear "what was that" or "say that again" is a bonus. the comfort, sound clarity and low cost makes this headset a must have.
i usually forget i am wearing it.  sounds fine.  i get at least 30ft range.  lasts me all day.  short charging time.
i liked this one so much i have bought a total of 4 and gave them as gifts.it is comfortable (you actually forget you have it on), as noise free as you can get, and has great battery life, and doesn't look as dorkey as other headsets!
using the device with an lg8600 cell phone. instructions for linking the device to the phone were straightforward and easy to understand. took about 10 minutes to set it up.
great product, great sound both ways.better than using the cell fone itself.very light in the ear.out of the box it came with a selection of foam covers for the bud.i use the smallest one.
the plantronics voyager 510 is a great choice for bluetooth headsets. audio is really clear for both speaker and listener. the headset is very durable.it even holds a battery charge for several days at a time.i willpurchase again,it is highly recommended!
if you want to have inexpensive and really good bluetooth then this is it. i bought 2 of these. it works great! there is no noise in the headset, the other party can hear you loud and clear. i strongly recomand this product. you will not be disappointed.
husband used this everyday. third one we've bought. light weight sound muffleing. used it till could not find any more.
i have tried quite a few headsets and this one (plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset with multipoint technology)is the best on the market.  it stays securely on your head, battery lasts a long time and is easy to use (although on/off button is a little hard to push).
this device provides awesome sound quality and also the microphone picks up when your talking very well. i haven't had a problem yet.
i love this headset. it is very comfortable on my ear. i did have on 2 occasions where the headset would not connect with my phone. i called customer service, had little to no wait time, and they were able to help me reconnect over the phone.
for the price, this is amazing. it worked so well that i bought 3 more for my family members.
this bluetooth headset is very comfortable to wear and to me more stylish then most of the others.  it is very user friendly.  i would highly recommend this product.
the headset is great,good quality sound, fits snuggly as well as light weight. my only regret is i wished i bought it sooner!
works just fine, no problems! have it on all day without discomfort! i'd give it a 5 star rating!
i use this thing all the time. even though it is dated it works great with my i phone and keeps me legal for driving handsfree.
the price and reviews sold me on this product.  great buy and received it quickly.
this seems to be the best headset with noise reduction.  husband drives over the road and background noise was always a problem.
product works as advertised, linked up with motorola razr v3 cellphone with no problems, works well with excellent receiver and microphone.
easy to set up and use, excellent sound quality, light and comfortable.  you can't go wrong for the price.
i have a razr v3m and have gone through other wired and bluetooth products, this one is the most comfortable and works great in the car while driving. others people have complained about me sounding off in the distance or with an echo, not with this unit.
i have several different plantronics ear sets, all work great! the 510 is the top of the line for all types of uses, works great in my 9 ton truck. built tough for both ears.
it's good enough that i give it as a birthday present.
it still is working with no problem and now it's not in use due to my new vehicle having bluetooth installed.
i was pleasantly surprised at the ease of use, weight and overall quality of the unit.  my one complaint is the size and function of the on/off switch.
this is the fourth bluetooth headset i've used, and it's the best by far.  excellent sound quality, good fit, built like a tank.
the product works well.  it is used with an iphone 3g.  the range is quite good   perhaps as much as 30 feet.  sound quality seems pretty good.  so far, a happy customer.
this is a great bluetooth for the price.  cuts noise when traveling in the car   you can hear and be heard effectively.  comfortable fit.  lost my first one and had to have another.
it has good battery life, sounds good, never loses its connection to my phone, and is easy to use. perfect.
this headset really works and it is really easy to use! it is light and comfortable to the point of the user being unaware that it is in place. by far the best headset i have tried.
haven't had a single problem yet with this item.  the multipoint technology really comes in handy when i'm playing online with ps3 and someone calls my phone.  awesome!!
pros: lightweight, great sound quality and battery life. also multipoint bluetooth works fine and is great for using it with the cell phone or the pc as an audio gateway (e.g.: skype for voice calls)cons: may require some initial practice to put it on the first times
item works great, just as advertized.  i've purchased different kinds of bluetooth headsets and there is no comparison to this one.  i can hear clearly and people i talk to can hear me just as well.
simply awesome, the best one i ever had, sticking to this one after 1 motorola, 1 nokia and 1 samsung.
great sound and comfort. very light weight. is easy to pair with the two phones i use. it does have some problems with becoming disconnected from a motorola v557 phone. it doesn't have the same disconnection problem with an hp ipaq.good value. great battery life, so far.
the sound quality is great.  it's very high tech.  it is more than loud enough and i have yet to have a problem with anyone saying they can't hear me.  highly recommended.
thanx amazon for the great deals you offer and thsanks to you i found this product saving 40dlls. than the reg. price&iexcl; the shipping process was great and i recieved the product in the time specified in the purchase&iexcl;&iexcl; go on and buy here in amazon&iexcl;&iexcl;
i have been using it for about a week and it is very easy to use. i am using it with an axecom voip phone system and it's incredibly easy. just plug it into the the headset jack on the bottom and you go.
this was one of the best choices i've made. is compatible with my phone and works great. the quality of sound is very good. i'm very happy with this headset and would recommend this to anyone.
very satisfied with my purchase, works great, way better than any price range motorolas i've owned.  buy it you will not regret it.
great sound quality, comfort for wearing long hours and excellent battery life.  however, a little old school in the size and type, and requires a special proprietary charger.  wish this charged via micro usb
i tried different blueteeth  . this one is extremely comfortable. you can hang it on your ear for a whole day without feeling any pain. it is also very clear, especially for the person that you talk to, which is very important. strongly recommend.
the device has been received in a very good condition, and it works perfectly just as i expected.
this is a great headset. i tried using the motorola version and people had trouble hearing me and i couldn't turn up the volume enough. plantronics is easy to set up and works great. i couldn't be happier.
sound quality is great, the fit is great, simple setup with phone and computer.  i'm very happy so far.
this bluetooth headset is so comfortable i forget i'm wearing it! the sound quality is perfect! it allows you to be totally hands free while driving, you can make voice activated calls right from the headset!! i just love it!
best blue tooth i have ever used.  great wind noise reduction.  can use it in vehicle with open window with no problems.
first experience with bluetooth headset. sound is better than wired headset. works all day never ran out of charge. owned it for over a month.
works great in the car. nice sound quality. it's like the person is right there with you in the car.
i love this bluetooth device. i tried others from other manufacturers and the volume was never loud enough. this plantronics 510 is perfect.
great bluetooth headset. this is my second one   the first was stolen so i purchased one just like it.
i bought this for my wife and she loves it. the sound is fantastic and so is the voice quality. i highly reccommend this blue tooth headset. it's a lot of bang for your buck!
don't mess around.  this is the best bluetooth headset out there.  works well, stays on your ear and the sound quality is very good.  it is a little bigger than other but the quality of experience makes up for that.
i got this for my playstation 3 and i haven  found one yet that is as clear as this one. varry nice! id buy another one if i had too  
it works flawlessly with my htc tytn, htc advantage and the htc excalibur s621.i will buy it next time too.happy customer.
i have had this headset for sometime and still works great.  has wonderful volume adjustment and clarity.  i would highly recommend it.
it's my first bluetooth headset and i'm very happy with it. very reliable, good soud quality, battery life and able to use it with 2 devices. i recommend it.
got this for a friend of mine as a gift and she loved it!!  it was perfect, arrived on time, and made my friend very, very happy!  thank  you!
clear sound, very comfortable on the ear, holds the charge, i recommend it to everyone!
this thing went through the washer and high heat dryer (don't ask) and it still works. i use it with the motorola e815 phone and it gets excellent reception, and hardly ever any static. best headset yet, and doesn't fall off my ear like those motorola b.t. headsets do.
the product completely lived up to it's advertisement.  it is reliable and works as it should.
both my husband and i use this headset.  it's great.  long battery life, comfortable fit, good noise reduction . and you can't beat the price.
the headset is very comfortable and lightweight.  because it is behind the ear it looks much better than the rest of the bluetooth crowd.  plantronics has the best headsets in the business, period.
the plantronics voyager 510 works great.  it is a bit large which might bother some people.  i use mine for speaking while driving and i am not on my phone that much.  the clarity is very good as is the control access.  i would recommend it.
my husband has had trouble with other hands free devices.  however, he loves this one and no one can tell he's using a hands free device.
this is the most comfortable and easy to wear bluetooth headset that i have had, and i have tried at least 6 others.  it paired up easily with my treo 755p and works for at least a week on a single charge.  i highly recommend this headset.
this was a very comfortable headset for a great price.  it work flawlessly with x lite on my macbook pro.
this was the same headset that i've had for years. was glad to find a replacement! works really well! would buy again.
well, ok, not wire hangers, but no more wires/cords dangling from my ears. love the wireless bluetooth headset. great price. great product. great sound quality.
i bought it for my father and he thinks that it is very good headset.usually my father doesn't know how to use electronics products, but with this one he told that he doesn't have problem.
i bought this as a gift for my boyfriend who spends a lot of time on his cell phone. he absolutely loved it! the sound is crystal clear, it is easy to put on your ear, light weight and very comfortable to wear. excellent choice in blue tooth hardware.
works great with my sprint samsung, most parties don't even know i'm using it
i've owned in the neighborhood of 15 bluetooth over the years this is by far the loudest and most clear earpiece i've ever owned. not one complaint from anyone i have spoken to or from me on being able to hear them.
i love it, easy to set up with my samsung a 707, good range around the house, i drive a tour bus with noise around, every one says clear and quite sound.battery life works all day. well worth the money
this headset is very reasonably priced and worth every penny.  no need to buy a more expensive one.
just as the others have said great headset. comfortable and better quality than the more expensive ones. was good enough that my son just order one for him to replace a motorola that cost $20 more. delivery was in two days too.
while the phone still crackles for no reason i can find   the ear piece is terrific!!
i just love all plantronics items and this is the best and i have tried many.
i have purchase other bluetooth and had to discard them soon after including motorola brands. nothing compares with plantronic voyager 510 bluetooth i would never substitue  my plantronic for any other bluetooth.
third unit i've owned over the past few years and they never let me down!
people i talk with tell me how clear i sound now vs. the jabras i was using before.  even with glasses, these work great and actually are more comfortable then the jabra.
this is the best headset ever!! very comfortable, very good sound quality, i'm very very very pleased.
i've had a few headsets for my treo and this is by far the best. no problems whatsoever.
as other reviews have mentioned, the controls are tiny, but once you are used to them, they are a moot point.  i don't use it much because i'm not a headset fan, plus the new car has integrated handsfree bluetooth.
i had to get a replacement ear piece for my unit and after syncranizing it . it's working just great.
i use this headset with my blackberry curve and have for the past six months. i've never been told that the sound quality is bad, it is comfortable to wear.i have no complaints at all actually. just wanted to put my two cents in.
overall the best headset that i've owned.  very comfortable to wear and has a good charge.  i would agree with the other comments about the on/off switch.  it is very small and can be hard to locate at first until you get used to it.
i tried several others, some more expensive, plantronics voyager 510 had the best sound quality even outdoors.
this is an excellent product. this is my third headset since my dogs keep knocking it over and then chewing it up. i keep replacing it since it is such a great product.
haven't had any problems yet, very easy to set up and the voice quality is very good would recommend
this is an excellent headset. and i am impressed by the great service in getting it exchanged when we discovered that it had a defect.
the sound from this headset is very clear both way.  it is comfortable to wear over the ear.  i can use this headset with skype on my computer.a little bit complicated to switch from my mobile to computer.
i love it! the volume in the earpiece is so loud i had to turn it down halfway (that is a good thing!) the incoming sound is clear and everyone that talked to me said i was crystal clear. i am extremely pleased.
this headset was simple to connect with my nokia 6103. sound is clear. very pleased with purchase.
the plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth is really a great product. it is easy to use and has not given me any trouble at all.
the voyager 510 works absolutely fine even in loud enviroments the volume control is great, it fits comfortably on the ear and performs nicely, i would like the option of turning the annoying flashing blue light off if i wanted to, but maybe that will come with the next model
these are great headsets first purchased mine 2 years ago and am buying these for gifts to give to family.
both my husband and i have this headset.  we really like it!  does a pretty good job minimizing background noise, including wind.  feels pretty comfy, super durable (it has survived over a year in and out of my purse!), and a really good price too!
very pleased with product.  fits comfortably on ear.  at first was very aware of it, but now don't even feel it.  i can hear conversations much better and have rare comments on background noise.  would highly recommend this product.
awesome product! people have told me they can hear much clearer than my former headset. and i like the way it fits in my ear too, it doesn't hurt like the ear bud style.
love it, love it, love it.  it works great.  nothing else needed to say.
i have owned over a dozen different models of bluetooh headsets.  this is the best sounding and most comfortable of all of them so far. the range is good, battery life is good i only wish they came with more ear inserts as spares.
this product works really well for it's price and was easy to sync with my phone. i love it!
i ordered this product so i could talk handsfree in the car with the air conditioner running.  it worked as well as i had hoped.
this headset is great!  i recently lost my first one on a business trip.  there was no shopping for a newer model or other manufacturer.  i immediately bought another plantronics 510!
that was the fourth ear piece i purchased, nothing compared to the others,now i can talk outside in windy conditions and i can wear it all day, unlike others, will not irritate the ear and the sound is crystal clear both ways, no echo whatsoever, product welllll donnne.
works great.  audio in and out are loud and clear.  very comfortable to wear.
the plantronics 510 is incredible! after talking with my brother on the phone outside there was no noticeable wind noise and he could be heard like he was here. i would buy another one no questions asked.
i hope to continue buying excellent products as this one from you.  i recieved on time and in very good condition.
we have tried others and they never fit like this one. my wife is happy with its fit, feel, and functioning.
i loved this blue tooth, it is the most comfortable one that i have used.  i got it for some of my friends who complained about theirs.  they love it too.
it worked great.  good reception.  people heard me plainly.  was extremely comfortable.  worked with my lg phone. then the dog ate it.
this is my first and only bluetooth headset so i don't have anything else to compare against but it works very well, has clear sound quality and is comfortable to wear. works very well and,in fact, better than i expected.
i bought the version of this that comes with a usb adapter. my girlfriend lives in canada and i live in oregon, so calling one another can get really pricey. with this, we use google talk and can chat as much as we want! it's fantastic!
sound quality is excellent, battery life is great.  however, what's most impressive is, i accidentally left it with the laundry, and this thing still works after a 30 min wash and 60 min drying cycle.  amazing!
this is my 3rd and 4th order for this bluetooth because i keep losing them!  i have recommended it to all my friendsfor it's clarity of sound and good, comfortable fit, plus good decent pricing.
it's a great device. it's soft. the only down is it does not show the battery volume.
this headset works great   great volume control and very clear. i have tried other headset and none were as clear as this one.  definitely a great deal for the price!
i had a bluetooth a few years ago but friends/family had trouble hearing me.  with this one, i'm just as clear as if i were on my hand set.  this is the best product i've bought in a long time!
purchased this for use with a sony ericsson z520a phone and found out it can also be used with a motorola razor phone! the quality is great, you can hear clearly & callers can't tell you're on a headset. delivery was quick and the service was excellent.
the product came as it was suppose to and it was exactly what i ordered and i'm very happy with product, yes i would recommend them
i had a motorola bluetooth that was twice the price of the voyager 510.the motorola was horrible.i returned it and bought the voyager 510.bravo.excellent quality, customer support and price!!you can't go wrong with this one.
this is so much better than my previous bluetooth.  the comfort level is high, the sound quality is excellent and the volume is great as well.  during phone conversations listerners mention the improved quality.  background noise abatement is also great.
this is a great headset. i had a motorola h500 that was ok, but very loose fitting. the plt 510 has a much more snug fit, is clear sounding, and in my opinion looks better. i recomend it heartily
i bought this item for my husband.  i had bought the same item from a retail cell phone company store and paid twice as much.  it works great and came in the same original package that it did when i purchased it in the store.
living in calif i needed a good headset for the times i am driving and on the phone.  this headset is comfortable.so much so that i forget i have it in.great sound and convenient!  love this headset and i recommend to all my friends and family!!!
my husband is a truck driver.  as you might guess it is noisy inside the cab. for the price, this headset works great! we can hear him and he can hear us very well. it is comfortable on his ear.  stylish looking. highly recommend!
i tried a motorola headset prior to purchasing this one. the first plantronics headset i received, the volume button broke. they sent me a new one, and i've had absolutely no problems with it since. i hear great, and everyone i talk to says that it sounds perfect!
nice headset,very confortable, the charge is good for a lot of time, works just fine.
i have had no issues. sound quality and comfort are both good by me. works very well with my phone's voice activated dialing (a feature i'd never used, and never expected to).
i bought this because it had noise cancelling. it works great, in fact i bought another one to give as a gift to my friend.
works flawlessly with my lg phone.  has pretty good range, and has no problem picking up my voice.  battery life is pretty good as well, usually lasts around 3 4 days on 1 charge with daily use.  no complaints with it at all.
very nice, no static, very clear. so good that i returned the motorola i had. this is very easy to fit on your ear too.
these headsets are great   everyone in the family has the same one.  even my wife can operate it. if they get lost, i just buy them on ebay refurbished with new earpieces for a fraction of the cost.
this works great and is very comfortable   which has been one of the biggest problems i have had with headsets.  i can actually wear this one for a couple hours, versus others that i could only wear 1/2 hour.
this is the best bluetooth product that we have tried. this is a replacement for one i lost while shopping. the price is not a bank breaker either. easy to set up and to use. great product.
i used to have motorola 700 and i did not like and i lost it too so i did more research on the net and i found this good bluetooth headset. it is outstanding in all aspects.
zero complaints   i love this headset.  clear sound, clear output, nice wind blocking technology, good volume adjustment range and connect/disconnect controls, good range, good battery life, great price.a top notch best buy.  i use it with motorola's l2 phone.
looks great sound and mic work well can be used on either side.  has a long life battery.  would recommend buying
the headset is simple to set up. it's actually even clearer than talking on the cell phone itself.  unbelievable!  i did a lot of research before buying and i'm glad i did.  i love this headset!
not the smallest or cutest bluetooth, but certainly the most reliable in my experience. i've had it for over a year and it still works perfectly, which is more than i can say for my previous bluetooth devices.
the nice thing about this unit is that the sound is perfect under multiple conditions. i also have a jabra 500 unit, but that one can be to soft under driving conditions.i can recommend buying this unit.
works very well on my cell phone (motorla v3) and also on my notebook (lenovo) with skype.  fantastic tool, clear sound and voice, very useful!
ideal para el treo 650, c&oacute;modo para usar todo el d&iacute;a, si tienes un treo 650 es el mejor accesorio que le puedes comprar.
very pleased with this product.  lost my original one and re ordered the same one.  i have had excellent reception and quality sound with this device.
do not look any further. this is the best bluetooth available. perfect sound, range and people will not notice you are speaking on a bluetooth.
i have tried several other devices and this is the best one yet! it is easy to pair and i can wear it all day without any discomfort. if you are looking for an in ear device, i would strongly look into this one.
i have a convertible and it was impossible to hear on my motorola headset  with the top up!  with the plantronics, i hear conference calls without constantly pressing the headset to my ear while straining to hear what people are saying.
bought this headset based on consumer reports.  people on the other end of the line say that they're able to hear me clearly; that was a problem with the previous headset.  works great.  good price.
i love it !!!! i drive an expressway on the way to and from work.  i have to conduct business while i'm in the car. i now can focus on the traffic and keep my hands on the wheel while driving 65 miles per hour.
i researched which bluetooth worked well with a sidekick 3 cell phone and the results showed it would be the plantronics 510. i use it all the time and the sound is great.
the piece that fits behind the ear is a little bulky making it impractical for anyone with small ears.  on the other hand, it gets the best reception of any we have tried and works perfectly in the car and in garages.
this is such a comfortable piece that i often banged it with my phone when answering because i forgot it was there.
this blue tooth ear piece works great. i get excellent reception.  this is my second one the first one lasted @2 years.  at this price, you can't go wrong.
unlike my previous motorola bluetooth headset, this thing is easier to use, more comfortable and most of all, has a better volume range so that i can hear the caller under almost any circumstance.
this product is really compatible with your regular needs and flexible by every way.i didn't get any problem so far.
using this unit with skype (mac os x) and a nokia phone. works great with both without problems and switches dynamically back and forth (after initial pairing/setup). some static when it gets separated from the device. comfortable to wear. great for the price!
well .it worksgreat sound qualityrecognizes voice commands with easepairs up quickgreat battery life5 stars .recommended buy for sureupdate : have been using it for 1.5 years now , still gives me about 2 hrs of talk time . works fine .
great no problems using with a blackberry 7100i. love the fact that it can be paired with 2 devices at a time.
crystal clear sound.  good volume range (can be made quite loud) and very comfortable to wear (with choice of several provided earpieces.)  sometimes switches from bluetooth headset back to phone when answering calls for no apparent reason on lg vx8300.
this headset is reasonable in price and provides the best hearing and talking no matter where i am.  size does not meam heavy.
this device fits very comfortably in/around the ear   both mine and my husbands, which are quite different in size and shape, as one would expect. sound quality is very good!
i am in the middle of busy streets and people can still hear me. i love the way it fits and it is easy to use. works with both ears, durable, and has a long battery life.
this is my second plantronics bluetooth; replacing my first after my yorkie wanted to use is ;>).  very good product for me; like the "weight" fitting behind my ear, rather than hanging out front, like some.
the last bluetooth device i owned had poor reception. the sound quality on this device is clear enough to hear in my car with the windows down. i would recommend to anyone.  great ear piece!
i own three of these   one for my desk phone at work, one for the car, and one for my ps3.  this headset is outstanding.  sound quality is excellent, and does a great job of minimizing background noise when i'm speaking in the car.
i've used many bt headsets and this one does everything i need. its reliable. has very good talk and standby times. audio quality is excellent. you can configure it to fit either ear quite easily.i'm pretty happy with it. so uch so that i bought two of the.
well worth the price i paid for it here on amazon.  good battery life, good reception in the ear piece, good range from the cell phone, and the person on the other end of the conversation can hear me clearly.
had this for two years, no complaints, excellent all around.  i lost one and damaged one because of the size.  so take care.
works fine. a little bulky, but not uncomfortable. good choice of 3 sizes of earpieces. convenient features.
i have had this for over 6 months now and it works great. downside, not bluetooth 2.0. upside, great sound, long battery life, and very comfortable. also, i accidentally washed it and it still works!
i wear this earpiece during a one hour commute.  super light and comfortable.  exceptional clarity and great transmission of sound.  the over ear set up is very balanced and feels secure.
had tried the jawbone 2   wouldn't work w/my blackberry pearl 8100.  this plantronics voyager works awesome though   and was significantly cheaper.  the first one or two times you put in ear   it feels awkward   but is now second nature & comfortable. i love it!
very good volume and excellent fit make this a must wear for me.  since i have a hearing loss i am able to use a phone with low sound output.
product works well, different sized ear pieces make it easy to fit.  sound quality is very good.  noise from sound boom is very slight.  overall, very good quality and easy to use.
this is the best product i have gotten for my cell phone and i have had many of these blue tooths. but this one is the best people hear me clearly and there is no noise in the background that they can hear as well.
i love it. it has made my cell phone experiene that much more convienient. i have had no problems, easy to follow instructions.
very comfortable, easy to use.  unfortunately, some of the advanced features (answer or redail from headset) do not work with the sprint treo 650.  still way better than a wired headset!
thank you for the amazing customer experince and the great product that you guys at amazon had gave me
that item is very useful good & nice better then expected, easy to use very very clear voice & whatever. thanks for selling me that item
as everyone else says, it sounds very clear, comfortable, and sounds crystal clear for the people listening to you.  it sounds better than my phone itself.
i've used it seamlessly with my laptop and my mobile phone without any problems.  synched easily and fits comfortably.
the plantronics voyager 510 is clear and works well with the bluetooth enabled phone and won't fall off! the armature holds the unit on even if you shake your head.
pros: reasonable price & clear sound & well fitted earbuds.con:  battery run time is a bit short.  it says 6 hours but i think it only lasts for about 4 hours.
this is one of the best bluetooth i have ever used. it can be used for the many hours and very clear in sound. i have used other plantronics, but this model seems to be a fit for me.
best headset i've ever owned, and better yet   not the most expensive.  i can hear those i call, and they can hear me, without that "i'm calling from a wind tunnel" noise.  fits snugly and comfortably in my ear, and has a long battery life.
after trying a few others, i was ready to give up, this is light, easy to wear & use, and you can actually hear on it! other people can hear you when using it!
i have had this bluetooth headset for one year. works great for teleconferencing using skype on my notebook and for my mobile phone. switches seamlessly between the two, excellent sound quality, great battery life, comfortable, i can't ask for more.
this is an excellent headset. i use it with an iphone and it worked perfectly first time.great price as well!
i've had the 510 6 months (5 stars).  tried the jawbone (wayyyyy over rated. 2 stars).  just bought the plantronics 520 (4.5 stars), and aside from it's funky form factor, the 510 remains king of the hill re: sound quality, battery life, etc.
fits comfortably, even with my glasses i like it, my wife love it hand free you know
i really liked this headset.  it's not fancy and the power button is a bit tough to hit, but it's a great performer at an even better price.
easy to mount on your ear.  good voice quality on both transmit and receive.  holds the bluetooth connection better than the motorola headsets i've tried in the past.  highly recommended.
it is a little bit bulky, but the ergonomics regarding how it attaches to the ear, batter life for talk time and multi point technology make it a good headset for the money.  i wish it was just a little smaller.
works much better than others that i have tried. i am a woman and it is not too big on my ear and i have a smaller face. very light weight and easy to use. good purchase!
this particuliar bluetooth headset works very well, is simple to use and cuts out all the noise from around you.  we've tried other plantronic devices and they were not near the product this one is. lasts a long time, our second one.
works great with my motorola l7.  now cingular is selling the 510 in their stores.  easy to use and stepup
this is my second one, my first i demolished from so much use over 20 months
let me start by saying that this is the second unit, the first unit would notpair with my phone. sent it back " a+++ " to customer service had my new unit within two days from filling out online return form and mailing first unit back. ;)
i go through bluetooth wireless headsets like water.i think this one is a keeper. great sound quality!
i have tried 4 different blu's, this is the best. so comfy & secure i forget i'm wearing it sometimes. easy to connect, tells you when you are out of range. very clear. i hear my girlfriend easier when she uses it, as opposed to her phone.
good for the price   fit comfortably, sounds excellent.  best bluetooth i've had yet.
this is my second plantronic voyager 510 and i love it.  the reason that it's my second, is that i wore my first one out.
this is my favorite headset to date. i bought this brand new and it came fast.
the fit is comfortable, sound quality good, noise cancellation just ok.  a very good headset for the price
i bought this for myself but after my wife tried it i never saw it again.  now i need to buy another one.  this doesn't suffer the problem of falling off your ear when you least expect it. it's a great unit.
great bluetooth.  second plantronics i own and both have clear sound, good connection, easy setup.
i have had this bluetooth for a year. fantastic piece. battery lasts longer than my phone, clear sound and comfortable.downside is due to the long usage life the battery is big as well but not heavy. it is small and perfectly designed.
after trying about 4 different bt headphones, this one is the best, sound quality, distance/range, connectivity.the only caution is battery life, it lasts for about 2 day. but given that its just amazing!! i love it.
i been through a few bluetooth headsets , all motorola , they all had static and poor reception, this product beats it all, great reception, i use it for about 8 10 hours a day as i am on the road most of the time and never fails me.
i have used other bluetooth headsets and i liked this one the best. this was a replacement for one that i had lost. fits good, easy to use, good sound quality.
plantronics 510 bluetooth looks cool.  i gave this to my brother as a gift.  i think he likes it cuz he uses it everyday.
this is a great headset (my third one). great voice quality, volume control. you can wear this headset all day. battery life is about 6 hours straight of talk time. bluetooth to my phone is great.
excellent audio quality and range.  set up took about 3 minutes.  fits on the ear well and volume is great.
i bought two of this for my gf and myself, it has high quality and easy to use. i like it!
this is the best bluetooth headset i have owned. i have tried a few and no other one compares to the noise canceling feature of this product. amazon has it at a great price and recommend you look no further for a bluetooth headset.
this is the first bluetooth headset i have ever had and i love it.  sound is great and people say they can hear me well.
i've gotten three of these headsets so far, for friend and family. you can't go wrong.
this device works very well. battery life is quite good and reception is excellent. it's quite a hardy little thing too.
this headset is very clear even in traffic. in fact it works so well that you will have to turn the volume down in areas where users of similar devices are experiencing problems.it is so light that i often forget that i wearing it.
great headset at a good price. have owned three (wore one out, and lost second) and each has performed well.
i bought these headsets for my entire team at work. the headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them. they are comfortable and the sound quality is good. best of all was the price   almost half of what i found it for elsewhere!
this is a very good headset.  very clear on both the hearing and the receiving end.  when needed i will buy this one again.
the people i talk to while using this earpiece can't even tell i am on a bluetooth. no windnoise or static. a little big, but you have to sacrifice something in order to get good sound.
i have a treo 700w. it works fine with this headset. no problems.
it is worth every penny you pay for it. i have it for one and have had no problems till date.
i've had several headsets in the past, but this is the best one yet. comfortable, can't hardly even tell its there. clear, great functions. i would recommend this to anyone looking for a good headset.
excellent product for a great price!  sound is clear and the headset is quite comfortable.
bought it for my ps3 and can't add much more than what other 5 star raters have said already. buy it
a great item. better than any of the other bluetooth i have and i have had at least 6. a+++++++++++++++++
the plantronics voyager 510 headset is easy to link and use, totally frees your hands for any task and provides a very clear sound.glad it was recommended to me by a friend   cannot imagine driving and talking on my cell without it.
i have used this product for 1 year now and i absolutely love it. it is light, fits well, does not have to be recharged frequently, can be used for  r or l ear and very clear. i have not had any problems.
we love this headset so much, we bought two! my son uses it for his ps3 and says it's much better than his old motorola. i use it for my cell phone and it works like a charm. hardly any background noise, and voices are loud and clear. highly recommended!
this is the best of all bluetood headsets.  i can do the dishes, drive in the car, and nobody can hear the background noises.  i have two, and have recommended them to all my friends.
this is a great bluetooth headset! it is comparable with the jabra sets i have had in the past. comfortable and clear sounds. thanks, pete
this is the third bluetooth headset i own and far the best one.  it is so comfortable that you don't know it's there.  the sound quality is great.
i had purchased a plantronics 510 about 2 years ago.  sadly it was used so much it broke in half.  i liked the 510 so well that i purchased another to replace the broken one. great item and great service from amazon.thanks
this bluetooth is great! unlike any other that i had, this one is so comfortable and wors great! i'm buying my second one as the first one mistakenly got into the washer.
this headset is somewhat large but is very comfortable, stays on my ear and the sound quality is excellent!also has very good battery life.highly recommended!!!
so far this headset has lived up to the expectations i had from the reviews i read previously. no problems here. good product
i bought it about two years ago and is the best headset that i own, works great with the ps3, and now i'm using it for my iphone 4s, so if you are looking for something great and not expensive, this is the right one for you.
this is one of the best headset i have ever used.i love its multi point feature which enables it to bind to more than one phone. it's light weight & sound quality is excellent.i recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good & reliable headset.
this is my second 510. it is by far the best headset i have ever owned!
i've gone through a couple of differnt hands free devices for my family's cellphones and this is definately a winner.  easy to setup, sync and the sound quality superb.
works great with. very crisp hearing. battery lasts long. it's light and it has three different ear plug sizes.
i've tried quite a few blue tooth headsets and this is by far the best. syncs up quickly, no background noise, voice clarity is excellent.
great clear audio. connects easy. power lasts a long time. 3 different ear pieces (you pick which one  works best).
this was recommended to me by a friend as the only one of several he had tried that worked well, so i bought it and am pleased with it.  stays on my ear well and is fairly comfortable.
the quality and battery life is much better than the motorola hs820 that i had before.  people cannot tell any difference in call quality when i use the pv510 or not with my blackberry.  it's so comfortable that i forget i'm wearing it.
i've been using these headsets for years and i love them. i bought this one for a family member because i believe they are the best value for the price. little, durable, great sound quality, easy to set up.
i lost this headset and regret it for that, then found on sale a motorola, which happend to have bad reception and more difficult to control. so i decide to buy again my plantronics, which is very easy to fit, very good sound and easy to use.
it works great with both my laptop and att 8525. clear voice and sound. only complain i have is, should have better battery life.
i took it recently. it works fine so far. clarity is good and it is comfortable also. battery life also good. i can say worth it.
i have been using this product for about 2 months. this product is amazing with good phone reception and good connection with the phone. during windy climate, the reception is still good. overall this is an excellent product and i had a very good transaction as usual with amazon.com
good design. good look. good reception. crystal clear voice. and worth buying.!!!
this was one of my best purchases of late. i have small ears and most over the ear bluetooths are too large for me.  this one fits and the sound quality is excellent.
i have used thsi eaepiece for a number of years. although i've tried others, i always come backto this one after chiding myself for wasting money on others. once you tried this piece you'll neverbuy any others.
this is the best bluetooth headset, long battery life, easy to program, and the most comfortable. you hardly notice that your wearing them.
this headset is great! i dropped it in my parking lot of my apartment and it got ran over by a car and a ford f150!! and it still works!!! it was great before it happend and still works now. pretty good headset!
had about 6 types of these bluetooth units from different companys. this one is the best so far. stays in place in my ear, enough volume, sounds good, long battery life.
best so far. i have recommended this to around 8 10 others and no complaints from any one so far.pairs up easy and gets along great with bberrys / razor / pearls / sony err.
great bluetooth and i still have it several years later!much better than that motorola garbage i wasted my money on.
this is a wonderful bluetooth headset. it is by far the loudest i've have ever heard. i highly recommend it.
item works very well.  easily connected to my phone.  i could hear very clearly.  the person on the other end of the line said the sound quality was good
this is my fourth bluetooth and it is the best out of all of them. sound is great and it fits around my ear perfectly.
very clear, easy to use and stays on my ear with comfort. battery life was good also. works well with my i phone. very happy with purchase.
i drive a truck for a living. this bluetooth ear piece works well in my truck. the noise canceling feature helps others understand me even with alot of background noise. i can hear callers very well also.
i bought this as a christmas gift for my wife. she loves it   the sound on both ends is great and it is comfortable enough for her to wear all day.
this headset has great quality.  the sound levels get pretty loud when you turn it up so if you are in a noisy area or your car is pretty loud at speed, you should have no problems hearing the other person.  great product!!
this bluetooth is awesome! it gets great reception and the battery life is great.  
i drive a truck and everyone  can hear me and i can hear too
outstanding device! works very well and holds a charge for days. my voice is clear and understandable in most reasonable conditions. i don't hardly realize that i'm wearing it. very light and comfortable.
i am well pleased with the product i bought. it keeps me from using my hands to talk to someone especially when driving my car. i recommend it for everyone to buy one of these products.
i used amazons help desk to find out if the headset was compatable with my motorola razor 3 cell phone, and it was. when i received the headset it performed excellently.thank you
i love my plantronics voyager 510 ear piece.  it works great and the best bluetooth i have ever had.  thanks.
finally, a good product.easy to set up, quick to charger upcomfortable to wear, the audio is superior, receiveing and sending.holds and a charge longer then normal.sometime you forget it's in your ear.if i loss mine, i would buy the 510 again.
works well, and it is the most comfortable and secure bt headset that i have used.
i've had this product for several months.  it works great with my katana sprint phone.  good sound quality, comfortable, easy to setup, reasonable price.  highly recommended.
great product, battery life good, comfortable to wear, works well with my razr phone.
much has already been written about the plantronics voyage. there is nothing new for me to add.i brought mine over six months ago and still use it daily. works fine and is comfortable to wear. i recommend it to anyone looking for a bluetooth headset.
bought this as a gift for my wife who loves gadgets.  works extremely well as i knew it would.  have another plantronics blue tooth set for my computer and it has worked well for over two years.
excellent bluetooth headset. i have purchased 4. 3 are back up.never had any problems with these headsets. plantronic products are of excellent quality.thank you.
after trying several motorola headsets, this plantronics bluetooth headset is the best i have ever used.  it has an ear bud in addition to a very comfortable mouthpiece and good balance on my ear.  i would never use another brand.
money well spent for this product. no problems at all. easy to use, easy to manage.
crystal sound quality, best fitting and reasonable battery life are the pros of this headset.
this is the best bluetooth i have ever owned, i would highly recommend this product.
this is an excellent product.  i have had it for a little over a month, and will attest to its comfort factor.  it is so comfortable that i sometimes forget that it is on my ear.other than that, the product quality compares to other bluetooth devices.
this unit fits easily on my ear, isn't obtrusive or bothersome, it works well and last a long time on the battery.
the plantronics voyage headset has been a wonderful addition to my new sprint katana phone.the sound quality is excellent, it's light enough to wear all day, it holds a charge the entire day, and works flawlessly with my katana.i would highly recommend this headset.
works well, easy to configure. make sure you keep it charged adequately else it will keep shutting down without any warning!
the plantronics 510 is comfortable to wear, clear when talking and listening to other on the phone and would recommend it to folks.
very good. got it as a replacement for my old 510 which got washed. have always been pleased with this set and like the new no light feature.
found it very good. so far have no issues with it. sound quality is very good and clear
after having problems with every bluetooth i've owned, i checked out the reviews for this headset and picked it up over two years ago now. i've been very happy with the build quality and call quality and highly recommend this device for anyone looking for a solid bluetooth headset.
the handsfree is wonderful. i would tell others to buy one . i`ve been in the rain with the last few weeks and the thing is still working. so just by that i would buy another one if i need one but so far nothing is wrong with it .
first bluetooth product and i'm very satisfied.  very comfortable to wear, easy to use, east to set up, and the call clarity is unbelievably clear!
voice quality is clear.my ear does not pain even if i use it for a long time.easy pairing with my blackberry.no problems whatsoever.
i've only had two bluetooths but all i know is that my first one sucked bad, i could hardly hear my wife as i was driving my truck! this one i can hear her great!!! whoohoo!
this blue tooth device is really good. i purchased it based on reviews at amazon and as always i am satisfied with the product. the one i got earlier had a connection break problem at random times but amazon replaced that one and now it is working great !!!
got it and had it working in no time. is loud in my ear, not to heavy, people do not even know i am on a headset.
good headset.had one awhile back.but charging connection broke.bought a couple of other different models after,,,came back to this particular one.very comfortable and works great
easy to use.  great reception.  have since bought 3 more of these for family and friends.  higly recommended.ok  make that 4 purchases!!
i researched this product and once i recvd. it i found that it was totally worth every penny.  i love this product.
very pleased.  good sound quality; no problems with wind.  excellent battery life.  comfortable
best bluetooth headset i have owned.  clear, good volume, comfortable.5 6 hours talk time on a full charge.  works up to approximately 10 feet away from the phone
couldn't be happier with this. and those who are embarrassed by its "large" size may want to consider being less insecure.
everything is outstanding &#8211; sound quality, volume, comfort, battery life! very solidly made and of high quality. i highly recommend this unit.
good noise reduction . ugly but does the job very well. better than the motorola i had
great product   works with two phones at same time.  i had one before that i lost and this was the only headset i would buy.
this product is very comfortable, easy to change between right and left ears. sometimes a little soft to hear on other end, but normally only noticeable if cell phone directly then midconversation switching to use the bluetooth headset. overall a very good purchase as it makes life so much easier!
i love this bluetooth compared to all the ones i have had, this is my second one of this kind, my daughter bit of the tip of my last one so i had to buy another one, but i love it! haven't had any problems yet!
this item functions as promised.  it is a little bulkier than newer models, but performs well.
i've had this earpiece for years and it still works as well as it did on day one . never had any problems; never falls out my ear. sound is great.
it is very difficult to find a bluetooth headset that will work well with the palm treo.  this one does.  it has good quality sound and does not cut out.
i've been using this headset for over 3 years now and it is hands down the best bluetooth headset.  i will never buy another motorola bluetooth headset after experiencing what this plantronics unit can do.
i had motorola blue tooth hich had problem hearing in windy situation.now with plotronic blue tooth  i have no problem.every body in my office has bought this item.
so far so good. crystal clear and good walking range from phone.  i was nervous about this being too heavy on my ear but it's not and the three different shaped ear pieces really allow for a perfect fit.
i was very please with my purschase on amazon. i am on the road alot and this item is a great way for me to keep my hands on the road and still talk. very pleased with the shipping and the seller.thank you very much.
i own this past 2 weeks with my cingular 8125 and the voice clarity, features and quality is awesome. i can perform all the standard hands free function without any problems. i am going to buy another for my wife.
it works much better than any motorola i have used in the past.  it fits better and has no connection issues with my lg phone.
i got it as a gift for my boyfriend, and he loves it!  he loves how he can talk on the phone and walk around without any wires tangling up or having to hold a phone.
i really like the 510 headset. i have owned several. the sound quality is excellent. if you use bluetooth headsets, consider this one.
love them. they have a high quality sound, and they fit perfectly on any cell phone. have nothing but good things to say about it.
i am proud to found this headset for my husband. he wears it all day without feeling uncomfortable, he is very happy with it. it's compatible with some home phones!
awesome!  exactly what i wanted!  love it!  need to buy another one!  best one that i have ever uses, this is my second and its great
this headset is the best i have ever used.  the sound quality is amazing.
prior to voyager 510, i have used sony, jabra,s bluetooth headset, but this headset is the best.
to say i was pleased with this product would be an understatement. i would recommend this headset to anyone especially friends and relatives.
this bluetooth is as good as advertised!  it is very comfortable to wear for extended periods of time and the sound quality is excellent.  i am very happy i decided to make this purchase.
this product is amazing. the brand itselves talks about everything. easy to use. but its little bit longer thats fine for me i like the quality not the look. look is good but its little long. thats it.
i have been using this bluetooth headset from last 3 months.its excellent and perfect.no problems have been encountered till now.i will suggest every one to try for this.
i've been using this headset for about a month now, and have been completely satisfied. the sound quality is good, the range is excellent and nobody seems to be able to tell that i am using a headset. highly recommended.
i had some initial issues with this headset, but came to find out it was the bluetooth in my mobile phone. the headset has been very good, especially with my laptop ip phone. it is also very comfortable and easy to set up.
this product was everything it said it would be. clear sound. stays on my ear and does not cut in and out. would buy it again.
i can be in a different room than my phone, and it still works. the sound is clear and crisp and people on the other line can hear me clearly even if there is noise in the background. love it!!!!
i've had no problems with this earpiece. the sound is great! the background noise is almost non existant.
my chihuahua rates this headset a 5 for flavor. three so far. apparently very, very tasty!
this is a great headset. i am a trucker and with the noise of the truck and wind noise it works just fine
this has been an excellent product for me.  i am required to spend a lot of time on my cell phone and the reception on this product has been great.  the price was also very good.
though i sometimes experience a delay when answering a call on my treo 650, it seems this is a function of the phone and not the headset. compared to any other bluetooth headset i've owned, i like the voyager 510 best.
i got it like a week back, tested it on all situations (in the shower with running water, in the car with music on, in windy conditions outside my home) and the noise cancellation is good. i strongly recommend this to anyone who doesn't want to spend $130 for jawbone ii.
great voice clarity. very comfortable around your ear. fits perfect. awesome battery life.
this was my 3rd one ran over one with my car and wore one out. very good.
the plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth is an excellent product. functionality and clarity is great.  it's a little bigger than the new technology but exactly the size i needed.  amazon delivered a quality product.
this headset is very comfortable. it stays put on my ear, when i feel almost nothing there. and the sound quality is great. nobody can tell the difference when i make a call with or without the headset
the voyager 510 works as advertised.i am very pleased with this purchase.
this earpiece works very well for me. i have small ears and this is one of the first earpieces that i have owned that has not kept falling off my ears. i also like that i can hear people even when i am outside (noise cancelling).
pretty good product. second time purchase already. works better for sony ericsson than samsung though. over all satisfactory.
this is my first headset and i am very pleased with it. the over the ear design is comfortable and the battery life is excellent. everyone says that my voice comes through clearly and there is no problem hearing callers. it works great with my verizon samsung phone.
very happy with the headset. very loud and clear reception, also very light.i'm using it mostly in the car, conversation always very clear; people never even notice that i'm using it. battery life good enough when i turn it off, after i'm not in the car and don't need it.
great fit, loud volume. short and sweet, forget the rest and get this one
works excellent, is very light and can go days without a recharge. i can hear very well and anyone i asked about the sound at their end said the sound is very good. good price   good product.
the sound quality of this is amazing and people on the other end hear me perfectly.
it works great, crystal clear, battery last longer, about 8 hours, not stop,than any other blue tooths that i've had before !!!
best bluetooth i have used thus far.  my whole family now owns one.  thank you.
just tried out the 510 with skype on my imac and it works perfectly.  no problems with the incoming or outgoing audio.  i could hear and be heard clear as a bell.  it also was super easy to set up.  no complaints.
plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset has the boom mic that helps me have very clear conversations. i really like plantronics things.
this is an excellent headset that delivers consistent performance. easy to connect and sync, ample volume for use while driving and a noticable improvement over the handset for voice and listening clarity. i recommend this headset to those who need to rely on cellphone communication all day for work, etc.
the voyager 510 is very comfortable to wear and was easy to setup. the speaker volume is good with little or no static. plus the it doesn't look like a block of plastic hanging off your ear. i highly recommend this headset.
this headset paired with my blackberry curve extremely easily. the headset works perfectly and i actually forget it is in my ear. absolutely no downside to this product.
product arrived fast; look pleasing; voice quality is good (i used it mostly in the car; haven't tried it in a noisy environment yet); battery life is excellent; overall, a good product
great product. enables me to multi task while speaking on the phone. the only difficulty i have is sometimes the ear piece feels a little loose. other than that excellent quality and great price.
i bought a logitech which worked well but could never get the thing to fit right.  then i bought the plantronics which works well and fits perfectly.
this product was easy to set up and operate in conjunction with my samsung t509 cell phone.
i tried a samsumg before reading the reviews at amazon and i'm glad i did.  i sent that one back and purchased the voyager 510 and i love it!!  it is very confortable (you forget it's on your ear) and the sound quality is great.
treated me great   would def recommend, fits perfectly and comfortably into your ear, battery lasts long time, the sound is great for myself and the person i'm talking to   it filters outside noise beautifully   great product.
i got this for my husband.  he loves it because it's the only bluetooth headset he has found that can be paired with his company cell phone and his personal cell phone at the same time.  saves a lot of headache.
its a pretty good bluetooth for a pretty good price. came rather quickly and in excellent condition as well.
i cannot even believe that this thing still works after it went through the washer and the dryer in my husband's pants pocket, but it does!  my husband found the sound quality to be quite good (before and after washing).  i will purchase this brand again.
long battery life, comfortable, easy to use, and the person on the other end can hear you clearly. simply works like it is supposed to.i have had all they others.
i did a lot of research before buying a headset.i had this for about a year and then the on/off switch quit working. i sent plantronics and they sent me a replacement before i sent the old one back.
this is the best one i use.i try so many and all was so so but this one was the best.
the positive reviews are accurate   this is a great product   very easy to hear and people on the other end can hear me well. the ear piece fits securely and comfortably. what more could you ask? highly recommended.
short and sweet. this is hands down the best bluetooth device i have ever used. battery: great, comfort: great, everyone i talked to on this devicewas amazed as well.well worth the price!!!
instructions easy to follow, light weight, excellent clarity even in windy conditions, user friendly, and very confortable to wear.love it, love it!
no one can tell i am even using a headset.  i had a motorola hs850 and people would ask me to turn it off they couldn't hear me.  i have used this for about two months without one complaint!
excellent headset for truckers out there.no noise, no statics, nothing.you can hear the person on the other end perfect clear even when the truck is going 65 mph. and the person on the other end can not hear the noise of the truck at all. totally recommended.
the headset performs as it should much better than any other headset i have ever owned.  great buy plantronics makes a great product can't wait to see what they come up with next.
excellent headset for the money. long battery life. extremely comfortable. the only thing is, it doesn't work well with a treo 650 but i haven't found one yet that does.
i've tried other bluetooth headsets over the years and this is the only one that doesn't fall off or out of my ears. also, there are separate buttons for everything, in addition, through amazon, i paid half of what it would cost at any other on line store.
i use plantronics products at work all day long so i trust this brand.  sound quality is just fine for me and for the person on the other end too.  got this at a great price so that made the deal even sweeter.
this is actually the second time i purchased this as a gift for my husband.  he lost his first one and liked it so well he wanted the same exact one again.  he says it's easy to use and has been very happy with it.
like the other reviews this thing is great.  it is so comfortable!  the sound quality is way better than actually talking direct through my cell phone.
tried many, but this one is only one i can use while driving noisy truck.
good sound quality, high volume even with open windows at a very reasonable price. this earpiece is very light on the ear, you will forget is there. three easy fit pieces for the comodity of the ear, choose yours.highly recommended.
delivers what it promises.  good price.  no complaints after 6 months of very intense use.  far better manufacturing quality than my previous jabra.  never ran out of battery.
easy to use and very comfortable to wear.other earpieces i have tried never felt comfortable.
this is a great bluetooth headset. had a minor trouble once, but the customer service was very prompt. replaced my headset in couple of days.
sounds is clear and i can use it with skype in my laptop and my cellphone.
this bluetooth is fantastic, it looks big aparently but is light in weight and sits on my ear very easily. reception is very good with no noise to the person on the other side. i got a very good deal on amazon. overall an excellent product.
i had this blue tooth for over a year. i bought 2, 1 for me and 1 for my wife we love them .
so far the best working bluetooth headset if had as of yet. great battery life, comfortable. just wish it was a little bit louder.
fits the ear nicely, very comfortable would highly recommended. 1/09 issue of consumer report rates this item as a very good. that was my reason for purchasing it and i'm very glad i did. one charge last a long time about eight hours of talk time.
i bought this model because i wanted a in ear and boom microphone bluetooth headset. this thing works great. great clarity and great volume control. if anyone would ask me about this model, i would recommend it to them.
i tried two other bluetooth headsets prior to finding this one.  i am very pleased with the reception quality of this headset.  i use it daily and am very glad i purchased this headset.
i already owned one for myself and i pruchased this one for the wife. this headset is comfortable to wear for hours and real easy to use.
this headset has worked great for me. the sound quality is very good. no one i talk to has ever complained or could even tell i was using a headset. the friction ring for my ear bud broke is my only complaint. go for it!
great bluetooth ear phone, the speaker volume is loud and clear unlike other blue tooth ear phones i have tried in the past which tends to be alittle too soft on the voice.  ergonomically designed, easy to use.  recommended for everyone.
i am extremely pleased with this product. it is comfortable to wear, has long battery life, easy to use and the clarity of the sound is very good.i highly recommend it.
the plantronics voyager 510 has excellent sound quality.  it is very comfortable to wear; not heavy at all, and feels soft on the ear. the on/off button is rather tiny, but that isn't a real problem.
excellent headset, everyone says the quality of the audio is great.  i liked it so much that when i lost the first one at the airport, i bought a second one to replace it.given the price, it is an exceptional buy.
fantastic bluetooth headpiece.  very clear sound, light weight and comfortable.  shipping was fast and problem free.  very satisfied customer.
look no further. just as the product description states, "for the ultimate in wireless freedom". the plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset, does represent a generational leap in bluetooth headset technology.it is extremely light weight, comfortable and the sound quality is unprecedented in the market place today.
i've been very pleased with this headset. it works with my ps3 and my cell phone, and it has been used vigorously since i received it!
this is my second voyager 510. i like the style, as i kept loosing the other ones, this one is  bulky and i have not lost it yet. sound is good, especially in a vehicle. power on/off button is a little funky.
this is my third purchase in search of the perfect bluetooth headset . and i'll search no more.  crystal clear audio   comfortable fit   absolutely the best.
this headset is great!  it costs only a fraction of the fancy ones sold in most cellular stores, but offers far greater quality.  it easily links with my bluetooth phone, sits comfortably over my ear, and offers excellent reception and transmission even when i'm driving at highway speeds.
i've had several blue tooth headsets. this is by far the best. comfort is great, i can hear the person on the other end and they can hear me even when walking down a busy street. battery life seems great too. can't say enough about this headset!
works well with my phone, connects every time excellent sound quality, could have a better carry case that would keep it from falling out.
i have used several units in the past. this one has been the best so far. it is easy to operate and comfortable to wear. reception is clear and i have had no complaints from people i talk to.
great price on a quality product i have unhappily used several more expensive motorola bluetooths with static and background noise my contacts say this plantronics is a great sounding headset!
i haven't had any problems with this headset since i've gotten it.  i hear others perfectly and i've been told others hear me perfectly.  like the manufacturers say, it had wind reduction technology and a noise cancellation microphone. it really does work!
hands free, now i can drive without using my hands for the cell phone. clear and concise communication, i would recommend this product to any sales person who must drive and talk at the same time!
with super saver discount, it was delivered for three days, a day before promised. i am getting used to such fast amazon service.
great sound quality.  easy to link to phone. fits well in my ear.  modifiable so you can wear it on either ear.
becouse i really appreciate this product. it is very in terms of beuty, simplicity, in clearity in efficiency. that is why i choose this product
this ear piece works perfect. good enough battery life to last 3 to 4 days depending on how much you talk. the sound is magnificent. easy to use. comfortable to wear. the sound quality is 10 times better than the phone i pair it with.
so easy to configure, great quality of ear phone and microphone.  excellent bluetooth reception.  long battery life.  i would definitely get a second one of this if i have another phone.
this is a great quality product at a great price!  i would recommend this product.
very comfortable. noise reduction is better than the rest, wind noise a problem when driving with window down. long life battery.
i got two 510 bluetooth headsets for me and my boyfriend. i was totally impressed by this tiny stuff. it is small and flexible, but most important is the quality   even clearer that i use the cellphone when i am calling! love it, worth the price.
i've recieved great use from this product.  does everything i desire. no complaints
the best wireless headset for the money, $40 set that works better than a hundred dollar one
i bought this headset to use with my ps vita and they sound great and are easy to use.  definitely worth the price!
i paired it with my playbook,my phone,and desk top. works great, i would recommend it to a friend. +++++++ +++ ++
the product was in excellent condition and works great, very easy setup. i'm very happy with this purchase. the music/calls are very clear. it works great with my iphone 4s. i highly recommend this product. very fast delivery also.
this product exceeded my expectations . i was worried that it might be uncomfortable when i laid in bed , but it is very comfortable . the sound quality is excellent .i like every thing about it .
a year or two later and i'm still loving these things.i will definitely recommend these.well worth the small amount of change they cost.
i've taken it biking(in rain, snow), hiking, working out(at the gym), running, etc.it's bulletproof!the sound isn't great but definitely you can hear it!bluetooth functionality works perfectly on any apple products and also samsung products. :d
the heaphones are great. they are very comfortable, sounds good and the bluetooth is easy to set up. highly recomended.
i've found these from other sellers for a much higher price than what you can get them for here. headphones are a little uncomfortable at first but they break in nicely and sit right where they should. great sound quality and the headset controls work nicely. compatible with iphone 4!!
i'm using it since 4 months, almost not a single problem.it may not fit in your head very well, but it's the best headphone ever.
i like it very much
i was watching a movie where a dog was barking in the background off screen, and i seriously thought there was a dog barking outside my window!i actually had to take off my headphones to see where the sound was coming from! phenomenal!
my friend that i work out with bought these. he loves them, i saw them online with huge amounts of review and high ratings compared to all the other bluetooth headphones and decided to purchase them.fast shipping, great packaging!!!thank you.
awesome audio. this is one of the best bluetooth stereo headset i have ever owned.  great quality and sounds .
light and comfy, great sound, actual "up to 6.5 hours of talk time".absolutely 100% worth the money !!update oct, 14 2012     i ordered another one, the first (which i ordered in july 26, 2011) still working great, i'll use the new one and keep the old as a backup!!
they were a gift for my wife. she loves them! a happy wife is a happy life. a dancing, quiet, earphone wearing wife is a husbands dream.
easy to connect and works real good and gud sood, can move far from the device and still have gud connection
worked perfect. charges really fast. weighs hardly anything and has surprisingly good audio quality.  range really is around 30 feet.  from my phone it actually has better reception then my wifi
i have been using this headphones for over a year now and i think that they are very good, i use then mostly to listen to music on the computer and the sound is not the best but is good enought and it has the play/pause/fwd/bck/ button plus volume.
this is my best headset i have ever had.clean hearingno backround noise during speakingonly the power on/off is not position where i want it
very comfortable, battery life is great, and it's held up really well so far! i use it for running and it's perfect.
nice pair of headphones. loud enough to please a hardcore music listener. feel great on your head. working fine with evo 4g on sprint. pandora works fine with it also.
the sound is amazing for a bluetooth device! good sound as a hands free too! easy to pair with nokia n8! all n8 media player functions worked just fine!
boyfriend is active at the gym, on the bicycle, running track, he always has some sort of music on, gave these to him as a birthday gift, he reports they work wonderfully, with good sound quality, and good fit (even with a 7 5/8 hat size and a full sweat).
great headset, great price, fast delivery.  love the sound, great noise cancellation for voice.  first bluetooth headset that i've had for more than 2 weeks without losing it.
i connect this to my asus tf700f tablet by bluetooth and listen to music while reading in bed with my wife asleep beside me. the sound is great, the fit comfortable, and they don't wake her up. what more could i ask?
i hate wires so this headset is my baby. i can listen to music without having to worry if i'll be strangled in the process. the best thing is that i can control my cellphone or tablet with it.
love these, they stay on my ears and work great. they are soft and i love to use them for working out and in the car.
makes running so easy! they stay in place and sound great. i only used the mic feature once and it wasn't very good. at least thats what the person on the other end of the phone said.
my husband and i both bought a set and they are. wonderful!!! great battery life and fit great! great for the gym, working, and long drives!
the s305's provide clear stereo, are lightweight to wear while running, and sync up easily.  they are worth the money.  i use them for listening mp3's, to pandora and also to take calls, all on my palm pre.  love them!
these are great.  i can not stand earphones which go into the ears.  the sound for music and phone calls work well.  the microphone sound is good
these stay on my neck and have nothing on my ear or in my ear. i just love them cause nothing is tangled with my glasses or poking in my ear.
this was a great product, my son loves it. it connected no problem and i love the way it hangs to the back of your head
use it every day.  great sound.did i say graet sound?  yes!does wear on my right ear some.could have had, maybe a softer cover or pad in those areas.
very comfortable to use.  excellent product!  i use them in the house and in the car.  it's nice to not have a cord on them.
i cannot believe these were only $39, one of the best purchases i have made. the sound quality is crisp and clear and they have easily connected to every device i have connected them to. i recommend these to anyone.
this is a great set of bluetooth headphones.  they work very well with good sound. they connect easily, and maintain a connection well, but don't stray far from the unit your connected to. for the price they are outstanding.
the quick and dirty   fits nicely, comfortable & flexible, good sound, easily paired and connected to.  what else do you need?
i use this headset with my ipod touch.  the sound is perfectly adequate, it's lightweight and comfortable to wear, and   best of all, of course   no wires!!  add that to the fact that the price is right and what's not to love?!
i use these when i run and work out. they are light enough for you not to feel them.the only issue i had is with controls. when on your head, controls are not easy to access.overall a good buy, would recomend.
these headphones make my days at work so much shorter and smoother plus they sound great best bang for your buck!
i luv iti used in my laptop everyday! to talk with my friends! in skype! is a great  product!
i love that this fits nicely and comfortably over my ears . . . my ears are tiny and buds do not work for me.  love that it is bluetooth!
outstanding and half the price approximately of buying what may be the same product from apple.  easy to pair with my ipad.
still using them in july 2014.  great purchase.
i have fallin in love with this headset. i t does exactly what it says it does. i have it connected to my cell and my tablet at the same time. the sound quality is absolutely great.
i use it every day since i acquired it.  it allows me better control when answer  the telephone when drive my car.
great headphones! i recommend them, wireless. battery is working for 7 hours i think.free hands too. very good quality. i do not know what else to say
i really love this headphones and everybody use them at home. i remember having some connectivity issues at the beginning but later on i didn't so probably was actually my phone. we used them with our iphones all the time, while exercising or at home. i will recommend them 100%.
i love these. this is my second set. my first set lasted four years with non stop use! this is a fabulous product.
one of the best purchases i've made. the reception is crystal clear even 25ft away from the phone. switch between music and phone is seamless. i use it when running and have seen no issues. excellent product.
i purchased this for my son as a gift. he really likes it. the sound quality is good.  my only complaint is how much the price rose before i bought it.
when looking for a wireless headset, my oldest son highly recommended this product for our youngest!  so glad he did, because the youngest loves them!  i would definitely recommend this product for adults and teens alike!
just wanted to say they have been the best experience.  perfect sound, easy to carry, no wire! and excellent construction.  would absolutely recommend!
these are by far my favorite wireless headphones, i take these everywhere, almost everyday.  they have a really good battery, about 6 hrs.  feel great, sweat doesn't seem to bother them, i will by another pair if my set ever breaks, 6 months and counting
perfect!  i love these headphones.  these were exactly what i was looking for.  i use them while working out and they sound great.
i loved these headphones great sound although when doing moving sports the sound was poor. the ear piece foam cover tore and eventually fell off.
works perfectly with my samsung epic 4g which is running android 2.1. media buttons work with the default music app and sound is great. they're very comfortable and can hold a charge extremely well!
ordered these for my wife, there is no discomfort when wearing them then the price was way under compared to any reg. store.
i have been using this every day since i bought them and still works fantastically well with my iphone 4.
it works better than i expected! for the price it's a steal. sound, clarity and loudness are superb. will recommend to anyone that's looking for a good quality headset. phone calls are clear also.
contrary to some other reviews, i find the quality of this headset to be great. the sound is just fine, it's comfortable to wear. the durability could become an issue but so far i haven't had a problem.i would recommend that you take a close look at the motorola s305
i find the majority of these reviews accurate.  they do feel a little cheap.  but the price is amazing.  they exceeded my expectations.  the sound quality is pretty good, good battery life, and no wires!!!!
they have worked great for me.  liked them so much got one as a gift for my sister.  as i listen to both music an audio book i wanted something that worked for that as well as calls.  does it all for me.
i'm very impressed by these headphones. i wasn't sure what to expect with the price but they've totally gone beyond any expectations i've had for them. the fit is pretty good the sound quality is excellent i have no complaints and i would definitely recommend it.
i think that is why a lot of people feel they are "cheap".  they use lightweight plastic materials and this subsequently makes them feel very light and comfortable.  the sound was fine and appropriately loud.
i've read lots of reviews slamming bluetooth headphones in general. these are good enough for my use. i am not getting the best reception unless the audio player is on the right side of my body, but otherwise i love them.
bought these for my wife christmas gift. so far she really likes them. they sound good  and are comfortable for her to wear. she uses them when she works out and while running on the tread mill.
i bought these for a gift for my friend and she likes them. she said their great to wear while driving and the clarity is good.
easy to use headphones and are comfortable and are a great feel. easily synced to phone and instructions easy to understand.
nice quality head phones for the price. buy them on sale for $30 and they are a deal. i like them a lot.
my son was thrilled with these.  they came sooner than expected and were exactly what he wanted.  excellent seller   thank you.
i use these over the last two ear pieces i've purchased. i've had and used these for over two years now and they are still my go to for phone calls and music alike.the best.
this is the best bluetooth headset i have ever owned. the battery lasts a few days and the clarity is incredible. i would purchase another one of these and for the price i don't think you could get a better deal for a better product. good job motorola.
love these headphones. only problems i've had is they pull my hair when taking them off. the sound quality is great though.
works perfect. no more annoying wires, feels good in the ears and behind your head.  used it for the gym, jogging and bike riding and will not come off.
this is a well designed product although i've not used it with my sweaty workouts. it is lightweight and flexible and the audio quality if very good with my blackberry mp3 player. audio quality is very good on my mobile phone calls, too.
i got this for someone as a gift and decided to get one for myself. glad i did.it works great with my ipod touch (3rd gen.) and ipad 2. used it on the plane trip over christmas and it worked great. i recommend this for anyone.
i love these ears. they do everything i wanted and more!! the earphones are comfortable to wear. the sound quality is nice. i can pick up my phone. this was an added feature i had not seen in the specs.
i got these a few months ago and was impressed with the quality of the headphones.  they are comfortable and easy to work.  i use them almost daily.
works well with excellant sound quality. no problems connecting to my laptop or motorla dc800 bluetooth gateway.
bought these for my boyfriend who uses them for the gym/running etc. he really likes them . so much as they are not lost yet! good sound quality and overall a good buy
excellent sound.  comfortable.  durable.so far.  i use them while running.  they stay in place and don't hurt the ears. ver yeasy to set up and battery life is decent.
these headphones were the perfect answer to a teen who liked his music louder than we, or the neighbors, appreciated.  worked well, he liked them so much we didn't have to 'remind' him to use them.  good product at a good price.
well worth the money.  they have great sound and are very comfortable.  very good range as well. would recommend these to anyone wanting wireless headset
i am very impressed with this product!  the music sound, the phone sound, everything!  i can hear better through it than i can my phone!  it is great!!!!  i am sooooo proud of it!
this is an amazing product, have an incredible sound and the battery is excellent. i'm very satisfied with this product.
i love these headphones!  i'm free of wires. very comfortable, perfect fit. great sound . . .works with my iphone!
no wires, great sound quality and so light i forget i'm wearing them. i am in love with this product.
headset works great. i have had other bluetooth headset before and they never seem to hold a charge. this headset does very well holding a charge. sounds is good, pairs well and it is very comfortable. for the price you can not beat it.
recommend this item to anyone who does regular exercise or wishes to wear his headphones and rome his household without having to worry about being yanked by a wire.  lets not forget it also functions as a bluetooth earpiece on most cellphones.  great product
i use this headphones all day from the time i get up work and hit the gym. great sound as well as price!
my place of work is a little loud and with these headphones i can hear my music and phone calls better than using earbuds.
these headphones are stylish, comfortable, and very light. the bluetooth connectivity is a great function for listening to music as well as making phone calls. people i've talked to using this headset are astounded that it sounds so clear.
this is the most comfortable headset ive ever used and ive been through a few. its crystal clear. connects up to two devices. you dont even know you have it on. received it rather quickly from supplier.
i had it like for 2 years and i wouldn't have any problems with it. its really good to use while workout, making phone calls or listening music. i totally recommend!
i have had several bluetooth and these are the only one i like because they do not go into the ear causing me pain. i will continue to purchase this style .
its very easy to use, and the sound quality is really great.  i have 3 sets of these head phones.
small, comfortable but don't let that fool you. these pack a great sound much better than many larger and more expensive headsets. works perfect with my iphone 4s including call quality. they are such a good product and price i'm back to buy another set.
i use this for watching videos/movies on my ipad when my husband is watching sports.  i classify this a marriage saver.
i've had this product for a while. they are great in the gym without any wires or having ear buds hurting your ears.
i enjoy the sound from these and they are comfortable to wear for extended periods of time. would recommend them.
very easy setup!  sound quality is great!  i have used it a lot and it works great!  my son bought it too and feels the same.
this paired easy with both my htc evo and my asus transformer.  i love the light weight headphones and they seem to be everything i was looking for.  pairing was easy. charged paired in seconds.  i'd buy these again and recommend them to friends and family.
after training myself on how to manipulate the controls i love them, they arrived on time and are good quality and performance.
use it on the daily and hasn't fail me yet. great volume and music sounds clear. highly recommended this purchase.
this was my first pair of bluetooth stereo headphones.  i was very impressed.  i gave my pair to my son when he needed them. and quickly ordered another pair for myself.very good quality speakers, easy to use, very good battery.  all around a great buy.
works well, good price.  sixteen more words needed to leave a rating when four were sufficient, frustrating i have other
i cannot stand having wires when i run so i have to have bluetooth.  i have used this model for the past 4 years.  one pair died but with the sweat, some rain and general other abuse i consider that to be pretty good life.
bought this about 6 months ago i guess.just ordered 2 more. (one for wife and one for father.)works flawlessly with my bold 9700.sounds great, buttons work great, battery life not too bad, and construction wise it's not that flimsy.
this is a replacement for a similar item.  this one is lighter and slimmer than the other.  it has worked well.  it holds a charge for a longer time than i expected, the sound is great and the controls are easy.
this headset was purchased for use with turn by turn gps directions. the sound is excellent and battery lasted for 7 hour trip. i have also used them for listening to music and the latest os from apple allows full functionality.
i've been using these headphones daily for several months now.although they look flimsy, they are very sturdy and stable.sound is great for music and for talking on the phone.
great sound at great price, this is the second pair i have bought, they held up to my rough on stuff teen, great cause decent sound when on your  ears and turned up you can hear them while they are hanging around your next
i bought this headset for my son for christmas.  he is extremely satisified with them.  in fact he has them on all the time.
pro: only bluetooth headset i know of in the behind the neck design.  sound quality is not perfect but par for the course for bluetooth devices, none of which are perfect.  battery could be longer, but probably not worse than average. i own several and give'em as gifts.
they connect with ease, sound great, and do what i expected them to do.  i turn on the power and it mutes the pc, awesome.  we'll see how long they hold up as the plastic band seems a bit weak.kv
product was all it said it would be.  great quailty and was delivered quickly
the s305 has the best stereo sound, comfortable to wear and the controls are easy to locate. motorola has hit a home run with this headset.
u belive that the iphone store is selling these puppys for $69.99 and thats with out tax best buy iv made in a while thanks amazon super great item works great with iphone 3g
i bought these about 2 years ago. still no problems and sound great. i got them for about $20 back then, not sure why they are so expensive now. but i highly recommend.
they work so well that i'm reluctant to venture into other brands.  i pair these headsets with various apple devices, iphone 5, ipads, ipad minis and ipod touch.  sound quality is not great.  but i need the microphone for facetime.
even better than i was hoping. the signal strength for the bluetooth is solid, and they work incredibly well with my headphones. the integrated controls work with the ipod and iheartradio apps, and they are light and fit very well. sound quality is good as well. excellent product.
these bluetooth headphones are great. easy to sync and all the buttons respond great. they feel comfortable when running or doing any strenuous exercises. go ahead and get em!
got this since the previous one was broken by a kid who decided to fling it across the room!excellent sound quality, very comfortable and best is the noise heard outside the head phones is barely nothing.(tried it with a songs that has a lot of percussion.)
i use it for the gym and works great for me. the price is great, why get a wired headphone??i just wish it would get louder.
i am very satisfied while i am using this product. this is perfect to fit when you run or work out unless you wear glasses. reasonable price with satisfaction.
these are comfortable and the blue tooth range is awesome. i wear these at the gym all the time.it's very nice not to have to worry about earphone cords getting in the way of my workout.
it is great not to have to worry about the cords constantly pulling my earplugs out. i do a lot of traveling and these work great. the only negative is they let more sound in than my earplugs, but the convenience of no cord out weights
great sound! great for bike riding and yard work. sound is very clear and it picks up my voice well.
very comfortable and stable. wear them running, gym, relaxing audio is great answer the phone and wireless. great purchase and very happy.
sync's well with various bluetooth devices.  confortable .  i have not tried it with my phone yet. it is a good value.
this is a replacement for a pair i lost in the airport. ear buds are for the birds. great for music and calls especially while working out!!!
if you want hands free. here you go.comfortable fit. great sound. and cool looking.don't pass these by. you will love them.
these headphones work great. i can walk away from my computer without having to worry about taking my headphones off and on. the sound quality is good and they are comfortable.
i use them with an ipod nano 7th gen and they work great.  easy to pair up and the sound is really really good, would buy again for sure
have worn these for almost 3 years and still work great. highly recommended. (i have used with iphone and they have reliably connected)
i used them with my phone, laptop, and ps3. i have never had any problems and and would definitely recommend them to friends and family.
these have been great.  i have never cared for the ones that go in your ears and these have great sound.
with fairly good sound quality for music, comfortable for wearing, easy to use, i hadn't notice the defect yet :(.
this is a christmas present for our youngest son, and it should do the trick for him.  he likes to use headsets, and this one is very nice for the money.
i bought this headphone simply because i hate the way a traditional bluetooth feels in my ear.  great producet and it works great as headphones for listening to music with my galaxy phone.  i would recommend it for anyone looking for a bluetooth or headset.
great headset good for working out and fits snugly against the ear. sound is good while listening to music and talking on the phone
i was surprise with how competitive this headset cost, compared to market rate. i love it, not only can i listen to music wireless on the move, i can also take incoming calls. great value, great price! highly recommended!   ec
i respect this seller. we had a communication failure that was on me. i was out of line she told me when my product was going to arrive she was right i highley recomend her and what she has to offer.doing business with her is first class.
i am on the road most of the time. i wanted to get a bluetooth that is comfortable to wear all day. this one works perfectly. it's comfortable to wear all day. the sound quality is clear.
i have had these head phones for a few weeks so far they have worked out great. i use them while riding the bike, pairs easily. works well while on calls and like being able to easily change songs or pause with just a touch.
very comfortable, great sound and works great when making phone calls! my husband is not a &#34;headphone guy&#34; and he loves these. great bluetooth connection! ordered a 2nd pair for my stepson!  
my husband loves these, they don't hurt his ears after wearing them all day long while he works. they are wonderful for listening to music and talking on the phone.
easy to use especially when i'm at the gym, the battery last long, and they are beautifully designed to fit properly
sound quality is great, fit could be better but overall wonderful product. works wonderfully with droid.
use these when working out. bluetooth connect is fast and solid, battery life is great, and sound quality is second to none in this price range.
the headset is clear, functional and i had no problem wearing it in the rain!  definitely recommended to anybody who wants an affordable headset.  since i bought mine used it didn't come with a manual but the manual can be found online free!
i have had these for about a month and had zero issues. use them on the bike and at work. pretty comfortable also. never had connection issues, seem to hold a charge for a long time.no complaints, and for this price, they are well worth it
has great range. good quality sound. zero interference. quick and easy setup (on nexus one). battery has yet to die on me, though i charge it after every 5 7 hours of use regardless.
go for it!great quality and loud headset.people couldn't tell i was using a bt headset!music controls were sweet, you don't need to pull out your phone at all while on the go!if you store it in a bag and it bends, you can bend it back. great price!
purchased this item in 2011 and it still works great. totally worth every penny, no complaints whatsoever, great gym companion.
great option for hands free and cable free interactions via bluetooth. you can actually hear everything in stereo when conversing on the phone. and the caller can hear you reasonably well.  great price for great headphones.
i used this with my phone blackberry and it works perfectly you can talk and listen to music comfortable definetly would get another pair if they get ruined.
very happy with my purchase. i have had this for almost two years now. it easily pairs with my pc, ios 5 and ps3. sound quality is great and after two years of use, it holds charge for a couple of hours.
works ok.  no problem connecting to my iphone bluetooth.  stays on my head while i move around.  sound is fine.  i needed to get rid of headphone wires and this does it.
i had lg headset before this. it broke. i can tell you if you are looking for a light headset which is loud enough for gym, this is recommended.
recommended by a friend, he uses it with his cell phone. i wanted something for phone calls but didn't want earbuds all the time. this fit the bill.
this headset is underrated. the cost is good, the quality better and the sound excellent. i am happy with my purchase.
this motorola s305 does everything great!!! pairred up with my schosche transmitter right away. only drawback is it can only be used remotely for about 2 hrs. has a tremendous current drain. overall it is greeeeeat! it did not work in conjunction with the sony transmitter.
sound quality is impressive! i've recommended it for others too!the charge also lasts longer than i thooght , wow  good product !
very easy to set up, easy to re connect, battery goes long time, sound quality is ok.good value for the money
still going strong after 3 years. the battery holds its charge for a very long time. headphones are comfortable when worn for an extended period of time. i use with my iphone.
works great, hardly know i have it on. effortless. highly recommend.built tough, so can be used by young ones with being destroyed.
excelente producto, alta calidad en sonido y algo muy importante es la compatibilidad con distintos dispositivos, facil uso e instalaci&oacute;n.
one the device is paired, it work when it need it. just one clickand the headtset is connect.battery is goo enough.quality of the sound, also it is great
very comfortable on head. i dont use it while exercising, just at work. i can wear it for 4+ hours with no issue. i plug it in when i leave work and it ready to go all day the next morning. volume levels and quality are fine.
very nice. comfortable, good quality of sound (including for mp3s on the phone), good battery life and charges fast.
this is my second pair, i really like them.bought my first pair 4 years ago and still works. this pair is for my wife.
the product worked as descibd, and you also able to make phone calls and accept calls and once yuo done with the call it goes back to the music. it is lovley sound quality is great. i love the product
this product is the bomb got a lot of compliments and question about the headset. but to sum it up, works excellent!!!!!!!!!
i was kind of skeptical about the price since their competitors are 2 times the price of what they are selling for. however, the headset did not disappoint and it is by far the best bluetooth headset i ever purchased.
one of the best bluetooth headset, the sound is powerful and clear, to talk phone is excellent . i recommend it!uno de los mejor auriculares con bluetooth, el sonido es potente y claro, para hablar con celular es excelente. lo recomiendo!!
it was so nice just shopping on line!!!  this was on my grandsons list and i did not even know what it was. sooooo.thank you!!  .great service and he was very happy.
excellent product at an incredible price.  other vendors listed this exact product for 40% more.  works very well with my ipad
this by far was a great choice for me.  wireless is the way to go.  you have freedom to move about and don't have to worry about wires limiting your ability to roam freely.
i highly recommend this product.headphones very comfortable and excellent audio quality.i started running with the headphones and found that they are very suitable for physical activity.
great product.  even better service.  thanks amazon for excellent service.  i appreciate the time and effort amazon customer satisfaction takes to keep their customers happy.
this product is awesome!! my husband loves it. we have seen this same product for much more. we found this on amazon for $40 ish with free shipping. it is by far the best thing i bought for christmas and saved a ton of money! thank you!!!
i've had my s305's for about a month now. i have been to the gym with them and so far so good. i would recommend these.
the motorola s305 is great for my line of work being a student and always turning moving, also great not only of the wireless but because it is compatible not your mp3 and your cell.
i loved it, it has a lot of features in that small size. sound quality is great.i wish the sound given out was more silent because it is heard by the others when u listen loudly but with that price it is quite fair.
good sound quality for music.great for making calls despite not having an obvious microphone.good range on the bluetooth radio,comfortable to wear.great price.
buy it you will always find use for it. great on the train. makes people with gigantic headsets shy. and the charger also charges my blackberry bold
good price good service easy to use ship on time good sound connects first time. would order this brand again
been using the headset for a week now, and it is all i expected, better sound that any standard in ear earphone.no cords! excellent in that way.connected to my laptop and iphone, although could not get the mic to work with the laptop.made me happy, hopefully for long
i bought these because even more expensive headphones with wires they always broke around the part between the wire and jack,thes work great.
i would recommend to anyone. the product far exceeds expectations.receives signal from distances as far as 45 ft away
these are a god send. i use them for gym time and i don't have yo worry about them falling off or the cord getting hung up on gym equipment. best decision i made.
i am really happy with these headphones.  they were easy to sync with my phone. all the music sounds great and i never miss a call
love the headset.  great sound, light weight and stays connected.  i have with other bluetooth headsets that would have issues of going in and out of connection, even witht he phone warn on my arm while running.  this one does not have any issues.
pairing with my droid 4 was straightforward.  took charge well and hasn't shown any signs of low battery after a few hours of streaming music.  sound quality is decent, controls are straightforward.
these headphones not only sound great but are lightweight and very rarely loose the signal with your device. great for the active person.
i like this style of headphone much better than anything in the ear. it took a little while for my ipod touch to connect, which made me think there was something wrong, but once they connected the firs time, i've had no problem using them. i love them. thanks
i don't really have anything negative to say about these. battery life, weight, sound quality, and comfort are all great! i use while running, i was worried about the sweat factor on the foam ear pieces, but no problems so far!
this is a great headset for listening to music or having a conversation on the phone. i use them all the time and would recommend them
best bluetooth headset out there
this is my second pair, they work really, really well. great for travel, especially on airplanes.  going to get my husband a pair.
while at work listening to the music coming from my new iphone, these bluetooth headset can really make the day go fast . i would recommend these to everyone.
i have been using the headset for about a week and have not had one problem. the sound is good, it paired really easily, charged pretty quick and is holding the charge.
bluetooth headset was very easy to setup and works great. the sound quality is great and i have yet to find a con for the headset.
best purchase i have made in a while, use them every day to listen to music.  great phone reception, no one realizes that ihave a blue tooth on when we talk on the phone.
after struggling with numerous headphones and ear buds for quite some time, i decided i needed some wireless headphones. these were recommended by a friend, and i honestly couldn't possibly be happier with them. i would buy them again, without hesitation.
these bluetooth headphones are great. it is ez to sync. they sound and fit great. i highly recommend them. if you commputer or audio device does not have bluetooth there are adapters available from multiple sources.
i broke my ear phone jack. this was a great buy and when i use my phone at the gym for music, i don't have to worry about the cord getting in the way.
i give it five stars because they are the best earphones i have ever had. the sound is great and the controls are great. it does take a little while to get the hang of the controls but then you really thankful for them.
the motorola s305 stereo bluetooth headphones deliver amazing sound, whether i'm listening to an ebook or my favorite music.  i don't have any problem hearing even with my convertible top down.  great price for fantastic quality!
i bought these a couple of years ago to wear inside my motorcycle helmet.  they are still working today and now that i work from home, i use them exclusively for bt based conference calls.  i'm really impressed by how well they have held up.
works great! would recommend this to friends. i have tried many bluetooth headsets and this is the only one that i've found with great sound quality. hope this helps!
i've had these headphones for the past three years and i love them.  they are my go to headphones for all types of activities from running, lifting weights, everything! i wish however moto would invest in an updated version.
this was purchased to complement a garmin gps for the motorcycle.  alas, the garmin turned out not to have bluetooth capability.  i ended up using the headset with my apple computer, so i may listen to music and video without disturbing others  terrific!
purchased the motorola s305 bluetooth headset in june.  so far so good.  good quality.  good sound. good price.
work great, the buttons take a little getting used to but since theres only the power, + vol, and   vol, its not that hard.  after an hour or 2 they start to irritate your ears, but they wont fall off your ears very easily.
i even bought a bluetooth transmitter and now i can use it to listen to my pc or my tv.
my husband said he loved this product. he uses it while working out. he runs pretty hard so they must stay in place well.
excellent fit, good quality sound, and battery life meets expectations. i would highly recommend this headset. i use it daily during my workouts at the health club.
very pleasantly surprised at the quality of the headphones. excellent sound quality, exceptional, actually. couldn't be more pleased. and at amazon's price it really is phenomenal you can still find this kind of bargain. highly recommend.
has very clear sound quality for both music and calls.  connects quickly and with everthing i've paired it too and stays connected.
i'm really happy that i bought these headphones. they sound great and work perfectly with both my iphone and my mac. the price is great as well.
i have a pair of sony bluetooth headphones that are better, but they were also much more expensive.  for the price, you simply can't beat the value of this motorola headset.  they work extremely well and they are dirt cheap.  what more could you ask for?
great head set works great connects to up two devices and answer calls with my phone and listen to music via my computer.
great product received. it was exactly what i was looking for. i use it all the time! i truly love it!!!
i've had a lot of headphones and these a quite good. are there better? of course. what do you expect for under $40? for the price these are excellent headphones. thats really all there is to it.
i love my new headsets because they have the sound quality i wanted plus they are very comfortable to wear. also they stay in place when i am doing alot of moving around.
the sound quality on these are great. i love the controls being on the head set so i dont have to unlock my iphone for controls. they are quick and east to pair with android devices or iphones
great item, much better then previous ones i've owned.  so comfortable you can forget you are wearing them.  music sound great and does not break up.
these headphones are exactly what i was looking for.  very comfortable, easily pairs with iphone, sound quality pretty great for a bluetooth set.  i'd recommend these to anyone without hesitation.
easy to connect, simple controls when using it, good sound quality, reasonable price. for the price, it's a great product.
i love my headsets there my favorite thing i own i take them everywhere i go they do fit my head tho
this is a great product. the fit is great for jogging and working out. the headset isn't loose at all. sound quality is everything you expect and more. the only issue is with the nonremovable foam earpiece covers. they get sweaty. overall, excellent product!
i purchased these headphones over 3 years ago and they have survived rather regular use since then. if they ever break, i very likely will pick up the same product.
it's been a month of use by now. the device work in a superb way. best wireless audio i ever purchase, and i have been purchasing wireless audio products for a couple of years.
exelente producto,facil de usar,muy comodo,un sonido perfecto especialmente para hacer ejercicios,se los recomiendo a todos,estoy muy satisfecho con la compra de este increible producto,saludos
i bought mine 1 month ago and it works great!!,  i run 4 times per week, 1 hour of running and i haven't had any problems with it.
so, having this product for about a month i love it, it still remains to see if the battery works well but the phone, music, price is all real great to my satisfaction.
since these doubled as headphones as well, it prevented me from having to use a bluetooth with my phone and keep a pair of headphones with me.
this is the best pair of bluetooth headsets i've had so far. they fit vary comfortable and are plenty loud!
stays on your head whilst running and training in the gym.it has decent clear audio even when up loud.range on it is pretty good too.i would try not to use this for calling people, as person on the other line can sometimes hear themselves.
i love these bluetooth headphones. i no longer have to be tethered to the ipad to listen to music, etc. i have tried several different kinds of earbuds and in ear phones but none has proved satisfactory. these headphones are light and comfortable and sound great too. highly recommended!
totally awesome sound when listening from my iphone 3gs music.  sound quality when on the phone is an 8/10 i'd say.  microphone quality is great (i tested with my wife).
excellent product and easy to use. a friend recommended this and i am glad he did. great for talking on the phone and listening to music while working out!
use these things daily on my phone, tablet, and pc. good range and quality. just got me another pair to keep one at work and the other at home.
i use this to work out and work real well, on standby mode last almost for 3 days, for the price i paid this is a great deal
had this product before and they had stopped working.perfect when i go workout and for when i go running.need to make it in blue.
thanks to the reviews i ordered these, and love them! comfortable, and the sound is great. i have already recommended them to a friend.
these are wonderful headphones that are light, comfortable and easy to use.  they pair easily with my iphone 3gs and the sound quality for music, spoken word and phone calls is great.
if you want an excellent sound without any obstacules to do your activities (even extreme sports, acrobatics stuffs or martial arts movements) this stereo headset should be considered as the top 1 of your options.motorola s305 bluetooth stereo headset (black)
it is simply brilliant very easy to use excellent sound quality and very good price i will definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a bluetooth headset.
i got this item for my husband because his bluetooth kept breaking up on the receiving end.  it does a great job as a hands free device for making calls.
got these for my husband as he doesn't like ear buds. he loves them. they are well made and the charge lasts a long time it seems.
works great, sounds great, only complaint i had was after wearing for an hour or longer while working out, they slightly rubbed on my ears
the sound is very nice, it works with all my devices without any trouble. perfect to do sports and jog
i love these headphones, work great with all my blue tooth devices, computers and iphone. it allows for voice calling on iphone and receiving incoming calls. comfortable to wear and sound quality is good. very durable.
i love these, great during fast walking and workouts. also has a good range around the house so as to have the ipad2 right next to me.
i use this regularly and it feels great to be cord free. i use it with iphone 4s (for calls and music), ps3, and laptop
reasonably priced, these headphones have been wonderful. they do annoy your ears of you wear glasses, but if positioned right you can hardly notice them. overall i would recommend them, and already have to family.
loving the sound quality, battery life, design, its really really good for the price!!!! ;)
i really enjoy this product, the ease of setup and the sound quality is great.
i bought this for a fathers day gift for my daddy and he uses them almost every day since he got them. he says that it has great sounds quality and they work great.
this headset has excellent quality for a very low price. the same type headset costs a lot more any place else that i looked. i would definitely recommend this product.
love these headphones. they have great range and sound much better than the cheap wired headphones i wasusing. my only gripe is that i wish the buttons were easier to use when the headphones are on your head.buying from amazon was great as usual. no issues at all.
all i can say is: because it had earlier. it is very practical, comfortable and has very good battery duration.
great price works well especially when working out. they stay in place and sound quality is pretty good and i would recommend especially at the price
i purchased these headphones two years ago.  they have survived my brutal treatment and keep on ticking. i am extremely satisfied.
on time and even better than i thought they would be, the sound is great for the cost and works great with the iphone.
hugs without squeezing the ears,i sometimes forget i have them on! great sound and comfort! well worth it and i very clear!
40$ for 3 years of use and still works like new.  battery life is awesome and i use it daily
amazing, this thing lasts all day and works with my iphone 5.  all of the functions work and it even works with my macbook pro no more wires!sound quality is not equivalent to high end headphones but for a wireless headphone it's fine
work great, great sound quality and battery life. if you have trouble with sound quality open your bluetooth settings and make sure you have it set to audio mode rather than skype mode.
the product works as advertised. the music thru my iphone sounds great, and it keeps its bluetooth connection throughout my workout.i am very happy with the purchase, its a great value for the money!
on my second pair of these headphones my volume buttons stopped working. i chatted with motorola about it and they promptly began the process of replacing them. i love the headphones and their customer service was excellent.
my second pair of motorola bluetooth headphones.  and this pair is even better than the first. i love that i can control the volume and select tracks all from the headphones. the standby time is incredible and the range is excellent. buy these before the price goes up!!
work great. lightweight and easy to reach all functions without looking. i don't think i would wear these in the rain but i have motorola s10 hd for damp environments.
these are great bluetooth headphones and they've been easy to pair up with my cell phone and my bluetooth enabled laptop.  i bought two more pairs to give to each of my kids and they like them too.  they are comfortable enough to wear all day.
prompt delivery, cannot find a complaint with the headphones, syncs to all bluetooth devices easily, i will never go back to wired headphones again!
these headphones performed admirably. i was able to train and run as part of a relay team in a marathon using these earphones. they kept the signal during running and it was nice to be able to answer phone calls during training.
i got this headset to use with my ipod.  it has a very nice sound, light weight, and very durable as far asbattey life.  i am 68 years old but i think any age group would find the quality quite good.
great buy for the money. i brought this product a while ago, (2 years). i still use it and it works fine.
great product    great price    these headphones have fantastic range and sound    easy to pair with phone and tablet.  highly recommend this product.
i love these headphones for the gym or working outside. bluetooth allows me to operate without the wires of earbuds.fits snugly and securely over the ears. good quality sound.
con  battery only last 7 hours. pros  great sound quality, lightweight, durable, discrete, controls on the sides and affordable. i loved my first pair so much, i bought another for my mother. great buy
performs beautifully. i also have the s11 hd flex, the only one better than this. this is not as expensive. great performance.
these were a christmas present, they were here in plenty of time and they work great! great sound quality! and fit!
great product, works well with my ipod nano and my lg xenon.  i can listen to music, and then a call can come through with no problem.  did exactly what the description said it would.
we have been ordering this same headset for years and got it for our friends this time. it is great for bluetooth
really low weight, good battery life, standard micro usb charging connector (not mini usb), great sound, easy to use, no cons.
use this headset with my droid phone to listen to music at work. works great. love have a wireless headset that allows me to move around the office without worrying about a cord. highly recommended.
this headset is just light years ahead of anything i've tried and give my bose (wired) headset a real run for quality of sound.
i love these headphones. i think they are the best for working out
ive used 2 different bluetooth sets and this one has been the best. i have wore them like a regular set of headphones contrary to the instructions that came with them. they connect well,and keep a good charge.
the s305 are great, i've had a pair for the last 3 yrs the only reason i had to replace them is because they dont ride well on the hood of the truck. lol. cant wait to see what the up grade will be
excellent product.  bought it to use with my smartphone while walking and using my nordic trac.  great sound quality for recorded books.  haven't tried music yet.  very secure and easy to use.
if you want bluetooth, behind the head, over ear headphones that aren't huge, these are perfect. great sound and great price. this is the second pair i've bought!!
my wife uses these for jogging since not have a cord is nice. they hold their charge fairly well, and sound adequate. the stay on your head pretty well too (even when jogging).
my son wanted these and he loves them.  clear sound,  blocks out back noises and no interruptions.  lightweight and not uncomfortable.  great price!
i really liked it a lot! it's working like a charm in my macbook air, iphone and ipad 2. recommend it.
works great. very comfortable. easy to setup. i really enjoy using they in the shop doing most anything. i have been using them for some time, and would recommend them to anyone using speech recognition software.
had these headphones for one month and as long as they keep up what there doing for the next ~11 months i will be extremely happy.
love them my son lost my other motorola pair these were cheaper volumes better and i much happier with them
i love these. i use them with my iphone while running and working out. love them so much i have bought two more pairs for my family. we all enjoy them.
i've tried many. i keep coming back to these. best for the combination of sound, durability, comfort, utility, battery life, style, functionality and value.
estupendos auriculares inal&aacute;mbricos.peque&ntilde;os, ligeros y flexibles, duraci&oacute;n de bater&iacute;a aceptable.muy recomendables para hacer deporte (permite uso de casco si montas en bicicleta) o simplemente para uso diario.muy recomendables
easy to use.  works very well in a loud noisy area. it is money well spent.  read the instructions first.
i received my motoroloa s305 bluetooth stero headset yesterday and i absolutely love it. the sound is clear, and it's incredibly convenient. it turns on and off easily and the volume controls are also easy to use.
head phones work great! they have fairly good range and hold up well to sweat in the gym. the charge lasts a couple of days of 2 hour + workouts.
excellent battery life. very good quality sound. easy conection with iphonei'm very happy with my purchase.worth every peny.
bought this same exact pair about 5 years ago. rain, sleet, hail, sweat, drops, poor treatment, they still last through everything.old pair finally broke after my brother ran over it with a car.tl:dr work great, the nokia of wireless bluetooth workout headsets
purchased these for my 19 year old son, he loved them. comparable to those expensive beats, these are wonderful! and you don't have that annoying card!
i used it when i go to the gym. i can listen to music as well as answer my phone. recharges quick and battery life is really good. i can use it on both my galaxy s3 and ipad. great value.
people can hear me clearly and the sound is good on my end as well for conversation and music. syncs well also and holds charge all day and often into next.
great sound quality, fast charging time, very comfortable to wear, and a very good deal. i would reccomend this product to anyone that is a fan of bluetooth.
after trying sony and several nokia headsets found these to be the best, use `em everyday, lightweight and incredible battery life.definitely worth the money.
love these headphones. skip forward stopped working but i don't need that very often.
arrived on time and in good shape. battery last enough for me. good quality sound. can play and control your music and answers phone calls at the same time. kind of big, but in general they are good for the price
i bought these for my wife to use while at the gym. they sound good, stay on securely, and stand up to daily sweat, wear, and tear. great product!
like these so much that after i lost my first pair, i bought another thanks to the low price. one prob though, and i don't know a solution, they do hurt my ears after an hour or so; a small price to pay for wireless conveyance.
very good sound and comfort. wish the battery life was little longer. works great when making/receiving a phone call as well. i would highly recommend this porduct. it is worht the $32 and more!
bought these because my headphone jack was worn out. connecting was easy. able to run them for about a week before having to recharge them. using them about 4 5 hours a week. sound quality is good and no issues wearing while working out.
i have been using this headset as headphones for my galaxy nexus and ps vita and it works great. good sound and bluetooth performs well. love being wireless.
i love it the price was  great i love that it was so cheap i will order it again if i need to in the future
i bought these a week ago omg you wont find a behind the neck bluetooth sound and value as these motorola's any were! the sound is simply amazing and charge in about 15 minutes!
i received them today and they were easily connected with my xperia s.!!dedicated buttons for sound and making calls are there and sound quality is just awesome.!!go for it.!!
this was purchased with the ipad in mind and i can report that it works perfectly.  good sound, good battery life, good comfort, and the convenience of no wires.  it's all that i had hoped for.
these are great headphones for the price.  my wife uses them with her iphone 4 and she can hear me clearly and hear the world around her, even when she is driving.  she is hearing impaired but these headphones do not interfere with her baha device at all.
these headphones are awesome. they sit comfortably on your head and do not fall off. sound quality is also very good. i would totally recommend these to anyone looking to buy bluetooth headphones
this headset performed exceptionally well. although is is a mid  level headset the sound is outstanding.  i would recommend this headset.
the best head phone so far.  fit nicely to your head.  works very well with my 1520.  it is hard to go to anything else now that i have used this.  hopefully it lasts.
the headset hooks to the phone the first time everytime. the sound is very well when i listen to my music. it is very easy to use.
have no complaints over all they give no interference to ruin the mood headphones are clear. great for running and working out, seller was great and i got the product sooner than i thought for a great price
these headphones work great, are easy to use, very comfortable to wear, sound great and the bluetooth sounds good to me and my callers give it great reviews as well.
just as advertised except better. no issues. great range. works with ipad, iphone and pc. easy to pair. easy to transport. love it.
excelent sound, good bass. i wish they could go a little louder. i use them with a samsung instinct cell phone, no problems and have been using them about 3 months. excelent value.
i have 2 pairs. i clean for a living and without my music or audible books i don't think i could function. i've tried them all these beat the rest hands down.
light, comfortable, with great sound quality.i use them all day at my desk job, with no complaints whatsoever.if you're considering a set of wireless bluetooth devices for work / relaxation, this would be one to consider.
i have tried many stereo bluetooth headsets in search for the perfect pair. i feel that i have found it with this set. they are light, sound great, comfortable, and they pair effortlessly. i bought a set for work and my car. highly recommend!
i'm very pleased with my purchase.  motorola has always been a very well respected brand and they're quality shows.  i was also pleased with the price. highly recommended.
i haven't taken them off yet! i love these things. the sound is far better than i expected. i would recommend these to everyone!
that's how clear these headphones are!  i was a little off put by the position of the headphones, but i got over it, really fast when i had no problems hearing crystal clear audio!  thank you amazon, and thank you motorola!
i am really pleased with its performance. its charging time is amazing. sound quality is pretty good. very useful for hands free talks and listening music.worth for its price.i would definitely recommend this item.
i received the good before the estimate date. the product was in a good package very protect full!the headset are amazing!
it dose everything it says it would. very light and easy to put on the sound is great and talking on the phone thru it is loud and clear. the battery life is very good too
love this product bought 4 already for the fam will buy more as gifts soon. i got the best price and fastest delivery going through you.
great sound quality and volume. i will never go back to mono bluetooth headsets again. if you don't have stereo bluetooth you don't know what you are missing.
my husband and i were looking for new bluetooth and we are so glad that we purchased these. the sound is very clear and i love the fact that i can listen to music and talk on the phone when i need to.  a great investment!!!!
motorola s305 bluetooth stereo headset w/ microphone (black)[retail packaging] just what i wanted.  hate those one piece/ear things.they never stay on.
performs exactly as advertised. is comfortable with good sound quality. the headphone controls are hard to see. setes i have a hard time getting it to work for the music feature as well as for the phone.
i purchased this in february 2010, it has worked very well with my iphone to this day.  as others have mentioned you can't physically skip forward/back with the headset due to iphone's software limitations, but i use it solely for hands free calls and listening to music/podcasts.  great product.
my son loved it, i gave it to him (he's 34) on christmas and he immediately hooked it up and used it. this was the first time i ever ordered online and everything went perfect. thank you for sending me a quality item and great service.
this is my second motorolla headset and i love it.  my first one still works after 3 years but the bass got weak so i got a new one.
this i was skeptical at first, but ended up loving the great quality of sound i get is amazing. especially  when i ride my motorcycle.
she hates ear buds for working out and wanted some over the ear ones.  i read about these online and how they are as good as $100 workout headphones and i would agree.  i am amazed how well they work.
i no longer feel as thought i am leashed to my music player.  bluetooth has a long range and the audio is decent.
these are better that i was expecting. really long battery life. i haven't charged mine for over 2 weeks and great sound quality.
these were a christmas gift for my dad, he love them so much i can be in the same room as him and he will call me just to say 'hello' lol.lol the sound is awsome, very clear and loud.
this headset is a life saver, and a great deal.  works  incredibly well,  i highly recommend it.  aaaa++++
the product is great. i ordered  another one for my son for xmas present and found out he had similar.my problem is there was no return instructions enclosed so i'm stuck with a second one.
this headset is great. connects easily to my iphone 5s. awesome sound and battery lasts for hours. very comfortable to wear.  stays in place too.
i bought these headphones to use with my g1. they sync to bluetooth easily, the  sound quality is good, and the headphones do not skip regularly. so far, they are holding up well to everyday use.
i have it and love it, and gave another one to daughter in law.  she now loves hers!  easy to connect to wifi.  good news for 60+ year old!
great product. sounds is 8 out of 10. you can't beat the price. range is not that great. good enough and i did buy another for my wife.
this is my second time purchasing these headphones and i have nothing but great things to say about them. def. worth getting!
very comfortable to wear. i takes a bit to get used to the buttons.  you will look dorkey with these on your head.  good buy.
i use these headphones everyday with my evo 4g.  they work perfectly every time.  long battery life, excellent sound and great comfort.  highly recommend.
received package within a week.  no problem pairing with my samsung phone.  sounds clear and fits my big head comfortably.  thinking about purchasing another one for work.  will wait to see if it works in a few months.
really nice product. keeps your ears warm. convenient buttons on headphones, takes calls well. holds a charge all day. i've never run the battery down but i charge it every night so i'm not sure exactly how long you could go.  sound quality is good.
shipped fast and works great. as good as any headphones i ever used. i would recommend these to anyone that needs a stereo bluetooth headset. and the price cannot be beat.
maybe this is the best stuff that i've bought on line; this headphones work perfectly with different smartphones and tablets for listening music and making phone calls
i have sync this with my kindle fire 8.9 hd 4g and the sounds coming from the earphones are amazing.
this item work great! would recommend to anyone, and would purchase again! maybe a little pricier thanother items like it, but well worth the money.
i bought these for my wife and she thinks they are great. they have very good sound quality and they are easy to operate.
i brought the headphones because they looked like they would be a comfort fit for working out.now my husband has taken them for his own,yea,the husband that always asked &#34;why do you to have them headphones.&#34;
this is my 3rd bluetooth headset and i love it.  it came in original packaging as advertised.  i love using this thing at the gym!!!
use this with my samsung captivate to listen to music at work. battery lasts over a day with no issues;i just recharge at night. microphone is fine, perhaps a tad weak but that's not why i bought it.sound quality isn't bad at all.
have had these almost a week now and love them. sound is great and i wear glasses and have no issues with the &#34;ear wrap&#34; part.
i had some doubts initially given it being a low priced item, but let it not fool you. it has full fledged features of controlling your music, making calls, and being comfortable enough for daily use with my iphone.
so far, it's working great, it's easy to manage, the sound is loud and clear, even if i'm not close to the phone.
excellent product, very good sound and tranferer voice in the calls. bluetooth with two a three meters of coberture, cell and pocket or bag.
this item is so great!  i love it. i recommend buying this item. it is good sound and easy to use.
this is great. easy to set up(my ipad did all the work). no wires . light and comfy even on my fat head.
it works great every time i use it.  i've had my set for over 6 months now with no issues.  only thing i've notice is there is no way to really clean the parts that goes on top of your ear.
this was a great purchase! sound is very clear. i love the headset! it works well with my phone. have not tried it as an mp3 player.
loved these headphones. unfortunately i took them to a swim meet and they got dropped in the water. of course they aren't water proof and now i'm looking to buy a replacement pair.
i love these head phones. great range and sound. battery lasts a long time.durable and comfortable. easily connects to phone or computer
love it! i work out 4 times a week, and i'm a casual runner. these head phones are fantastic, and have a huge range! good sound, good bass, and long battery life. excellent price when i picked them up (about $38).
these headphones work very well for jogging or running with a handheld device with bluetooth.  the otherwise required cords for headphones are a pain.
these work great.  sound is good and the controls on the right earpiece work well.  i use them to listen to music on my phone and if a call comes in you can switch to the call easily.  the caller doesn't know you're using headphones.
got these for my wife to walk / exercise with.  she loves them.  comfortable, since she doesn't like the ear bud type.  seem to work good.
excelente producto para la escucha de musica. muy buenos bajos y calidad  optima. liviano y ergonomico
i use these to connect to my laptop so i can work with privacy. they work great. you can also charge them while using them.
good for talk and listen music you can leave you phone charging and walk freely around you house or work place battery life is around 6 hours listen music and get full charged in 25 min.
these were everything i had read about them. comfort and sound without the cord. from listening to audio books to the oldies but goodies these are a great addition to my audio equipment.
this is a great headphones. i looked and read up on what bluetooth to get and finally resolved to these.and am not disappointed.recommend these highly.
very nice headphones. sound is very good. good bass. fits my xxl head well. hooked up to my lg g2 first try. charged for 2 hrs. and been listening to pandora for last 3 hrs. range is good. would purchase again and highly recommend.
these are great headphones.  they're light, charge quickly, have good range, are relatively inexpensive, and don't abrase the ears.  i get about six hours of life per charge.
these headphone are the coolest headphones i have ever had they r lightweight easy to connect they seem to charge fast i give them five out of five
i have been using these now for a couple of weeks. the work great with my nokia 900 windows phone. i'm able to listen to music, forward, backward, stop, play from the buttons. i'm also able to make calls and answer/send texts through voice commands. great product!
i not only wish to update my old review and state that this is an excelent headset but also i want to thank alwaysonsale for correcting my shipping error so prompts their customer service was exemplary
i wanted something that fit snug on my head and wasn't too heavy so i could wear them all day at work. these delivered. also, they don't interfere with my glasses, which is huge for me. this is a great product for the price.
this headset works great. i've paired it to two different tablets and the sound and convenience is outstanding. i definitely reccomend this headset to anyone looking for stereo sound and bluetooth capability.
received my headset yesterday from amazon.com. i charged it as stated in the instructions & paired it up to my laptop as a test. easy to setup and use.it works very well. great sound. next will try on my cellphone.
we've used it with a droid cell phone, a pc, and an ipad.  works well with each.  good sound. good range.
for the price not bad sound was ok easy to pair with my cricket phone i was advise anyone to purchase this headset.
for the money you cant do any better. they work as they should and i use them at work everyday. great for the gym as well.
i love to listen to i heart radio thru my cell phone.  these are little and light and comfortable.  the sound is just fine for me.  and i am hard of hearing.
great headphones
i brought this item because i ws sick of buying headphones and needed a bluetooth. never dreamed it would be as amazing as it has been. (had for bout 3years!!!!!!)
it works as expected, and the sound is very good.all functions works on google nexus one cm6.
love it for music. the sound is great and the controls are awesome. for calls the mic picks up to much backround noise and the sound on calls you get some static but it isn't so bad as to stop you from useing it for calls
i have two pair. i can put them over my hearing aids and there is no feedback. the sound is excellent and really helps on my iphone. pairs easily and holds a charge for hours of use.
a bang for the bucks , meet all expectations i would recommend this product to anyone and everyone love it
it was an excellent price and a very  fast delivery the headphone work excelent  can be anywhere in the house with phone at one end the headser the other and still recieve ,so i  would for sure order again from this on line site
s305 works great. the sound, distance, battery and control were all i expected. have used it on an iphone and no one has ever asked me if i was on a headset.would recommend and buy again !!
use them frequently. music,videos and google voice calls. long life battery. excellent quality sound. comfortable. easy to store and very durable. the touch controls are easy to operate and conveniently located. good product from a good vendor!
i got way more base for my  buck!i was shocked at the clarity of the sound.i plan on buying these as christmas gifts.i will be buying these for for friends & family!
great purchase for me! it gave me both stereo sound and phone capablities in one, i love them with a great price as well. the only thing is i wish that the phone receiver was a little louder im usually using them on a loud truck.
always use them at work. battery last for more than 10 hours! i couldn't believe it when i finished my worktime and they were still on with only one charge!
very high quality stereo, bluetooth headphones for the price. i paid $39.99 prime. i've seen them as low as $35 + change. i use them with my iphone all the time in the office and have been very happy.
these bluetooth headphones sounds great.  they are comfortable and connects easily to my android smartphone.  i would recommend it to anyone that is in the market for wireless headphones.
new version of the 805 has a lower profile and weighs less but the battery does not last as long.good product for the price.
i have used several motorola headsets. this one is the best so far. it is comfortable, sounds great, and charges fairly quickly. the sd 10's gave me a bad ear/head ache, not these. much more comfortable for larger head sizes.
ive had these for 3 years and they still hold a perfect battery life, i use these at work with my iphone and they last almost 2 days on one charge and they have great sound quality
i love these, i use them all the time and they are the most comfortable pair of earphones, they might break with heavy use but for light wear they are wonderful
haven't had a lot of time to review this product, but it is performing well right now. i am liking it.
i workout with these and they are awesome. couldnt say anything negative about them yet. dont even know they are on when you are wearing them!
the best for the gym and for casual use. i'm a college student who does lots of walking. these headphones are so comfortable and light on my ears. wireless & have a microphone for those important phone calls.
this is probably the best bluetooth headset i've bought ever. awesome sound clarity,instant connectivity and seamless flow of music from all bluetooth enabled devices. totally an awesome product worth buying and an excellent investment as a workout product.
very happy with this purchase.  excellent product and the price (and no shipping charge) was great too.  i would recommend this product to any one looking for a bluetooth stereo headset.  set up was easy
i use these both at work for conference calls (voice calls), and at home on the treadmill (streaming mp3 audio).  they are excellent for both.  don't buy them for quality audio; buy them for convenience and functionality.
really nice and comfortable. very responsive and battery really last. really worth it. easy to use easy to connect no hassle. sound quality is good but not the best.
i had purchased the headset as a christmas gift, and it arrived two days after i had placed the order. i'm very satisfied with the experience! highly recommended!
the sound and microphone quality is very good. also very easy to use. nice adjustment. overall performance is very nice.
my girlfriend uses these on here phone and tablet to listen to netflix shows and music or audio books while working around the house. they have pretty good range and great battery life, i think she only charges them about every other day.
have owned it for nearly a year now. i use this during my workouts to connect with my iphone for listening music. it has pretty descent sound quality, is very light and has good battery life.the range is not bad either.highly recommended !!
tested on ubuntu 10.10 connecting to an iogear usb 2.1 bluetooth micro adapter gbu421 >> fully compatible. lightweight, inexpensive, decent sounding headphones.
these work on my computer and phone.excellent!!  they sound very good,i didn't realize wireless headphones could sound that good!  thankyou motorola
i was looking for a headset that i couldwear at work an still hear what was going on around me. easy to set up right out of the box. sound quality is very good and the battery life lasts a long time. i would recomend  this to every one.
rests lightly on your ears. has a volume control and great for handling incoming phone calls. all wireless and hands free.
dad liked it as a birthday gift, so i gave it this review. outside of the specifications, i'm pretty certain this is the best value wireless headset you can wear.
are nothing, but just the exuberance of the purchase. you maybe able to compare this to a new boyfriend, or a girlfriend before you find out how they really are!
i receive this on time and it's working perfectly, very light, and the sound is perfect, great bass. and it's motorola, i stand on that brand. the best thing is it's a durable device.
i read several reveiws just replacing an older way more used pair of samsung headphones with mis. these work great, no complaints get them sweated up ear cushions still in good shape.
i was upset when i accidentally crushed my first pair.  i like them so well i ordered a replacement.  i use these with my iphone in a work truck that has no radio for both phone and music. does both reasonably well.
it's a good product and has been working as good as it has been adverstisede so far although it's been only a week since i have been using this. recommended if u r tired of sorting wires. works fine with my apple macbook and iphone.
the motorola s305 is a great way to listen to music and talk on the run, lightweight, comfortable, good battery life, stylish and convenient controls position.
headset does what it is suppose to do and it does it well. my wife uses this for her morning walks and has had no problems.
these headphones are a great buy. the controls on the headphones make it a pleasure to use. better than expected audio quality. light weight. excellent battery life.a word of caution though, these may not fit everyone perfectly. but they still make a great buy.
provides a clear, decise sound, comfortable wear. would recommend to others if you like the comfort of around the neck versus over the head style.
the headset is brilliant, i use it while working on reports listening to music, playing games, and the battery life is great too! liked it so much that i bought two!
i bought this for my sister to use it with her iphone cause the small headphones causes allergy in her ears these are lightweight comfortable with great audio i'd recommend
this headset has great sound and easy to use.  works great with kindle hd fire.  would not recommend for athletic activities.
bought as present for my wife for listening to audio books. she uses them daily and only has to charge the battery once a week.
great set of headphones. i use it in my motorcycle helment and it performs well with volume while riding up 70mph.
it has everything! you can skip songs, answer calls! i have it connected to my ps3 and iphone works great!
bought these for my wife after she liked using mine   they are great for twice the price, work very well for audiobook on our samsung & apple players and a breeze to pair with either.
way better than expected.  sound is very clear.  volume is great.  stays on head comfortably.  works seemlessly with iphone.  when using pandora or ipod with endomodo app   music pauses and audio stats from enodo come in perfectly.  great value.
i use these things like crazy.  great quality, good volume, and the &#34;muffs&#34; at the end are removable so they can be cleaned.
i like it. easy to use in the gym, just don't forget to turn it off when u don't use it. or the battery will die soon.
i love these, excellent sound quality, lightweight, yet solid and very easy to use. as a radio dj for over 25 years, i know a good set of headphones and for the price, these cannot be beat. i am very happy with my purchase!
great headphones.  buy them. batteries last several hours on a charge.  soundgreat from the iphone.  works well with pandora but wish there were a thumbs downbutton on them.
i use this with my galaxy s5 when walking and running. sound is clear and headset stays on when running.  i wear glasses and have no issues wearing the headset with them.
the wireless/bluetooth range is up there. i can walk all through my two story house without losing the signal. for the price, this is a steal.
actually, i was not expecting such performance when i bought the headphones. i paired it to my mac and actually i can control itunes from the headphones' buttons. as far as operating time, i'm getting 7 8 hours on average music play time.
have tried many traditional ear buds rated for running.  these connected easily, great sound and were comfortable.love them and am looking forward to my next run.
this bluetooth headphones are a very good buy. for 30$, it can't be better than this. i have used them for a year now. they still have good battery life and its easy to change between pc, phone and another phone.highly recommended
bought these for my brother and husband and they just love them. good value for the price.  would buy more
i love these headphones.  they work great and work well with my ipad, ipod touch, and android phone.  syncing is easy.  the sound is good. only get connection breaks when i go downstairs.  great for the price.  works great.
headphones work great with my phone and tablet.  finally got them to work with computer.  my daughter loves them also.
very very good choice! mobility design and a good quality of sound. works with a lot of devices. all of mine are connected with it. buy with eyes closed.
i haven't taken the time to read the directions but these things are usually self explainable.  this one must have a learning curve. but once it works, it has good sound and comfy. better than the last set by another maker i owned.
you can barely feel it when you wear it.  great price, and i can use it to make phone calls and to listen to music, audiobooks, etc.
i bought these as a gift for my husband and he just raves about these every time he wathes a move, talks on the phone, or listens to music on his device.
it is very light weight and fits securely on your ears. the sound is great for an open ear headphone.i have only used it for listening to music from my ipod so i would not know its phone functions. the only thing i would change is a longer battery life.
very good sound quality and very comfortable to wear for extended amounts of time. best of all it is wireless.
these are no beats by dre headphones, but they sound great. i've had these for a few years now and they work fantastic. not to mention that you can hear your phone conversation in sterio.
love it.use it for running and it's going well so far,reception is works very well too.also, buttons etc are pretty easy to use, no problems.great value for money.
these are really nice!  love the feel and sound.  i can walk around the entire house with my iphone 4s on my charging dock.  for 33 bucks you can't go wrong with these bad boys.do it!
bought these a couple years ago and work great with my ipod touch, samsung tablet, and now my htc one phone.  whenever i break these, i will buy another set.
i got this for my son (24 yr old) for christmas, and he has been very happy with his. he uses it mostly for listening to music and it works great!
works great, on linux microphone is not supported, but listen to the music is really easy :d on my sgs3 they are amazing :d good music for more or less 4 hours and half!
things that i like about this headset are:on ear headset with sporty lookeasy to wearinternal li batteryusb chargingpremium sound qualitygood call receptionergonomic positioning of controlsthings i expected to haveadjustable head band or string like in earlier models
is easy to use on my way to work. sitting on the train, but still able to receive calls without take the headphone's off putting the blue tooth in. simple, i think there great
very good and easy to use. long duration of batery, great sound. deep bass, clear treble and good midrange. i recommend.
works perfectly.i use it with my droid razr, works flawlessly. good music sound, and the biggest plus is stereo headset on the phone conversations.
i purchased as a christmas gift. great price and sound. the best gift under the tree for him. he loved it.
these headphones are a great blue tooth set the only bad thing is that there too big for me and if you move your blue tooth adapter between computers you have to go to devices and delete your headphones and reconnect them which can be a bother at times.
very easy to use. love the loss of the wires. only drawback is that i am not able to turn up the volume til my ears bleed.
this is such a great headset, i ordered two of 'em!all of my co workers ordered a set too!i would highly recommend 'em to anyone!
not recommended for use during workouts!  however, excellent for listening to music or watching videos.  using with bluetooth dongle and listening off of ipad.  range is good.audio is very good!
motorola s305 bluetooth stereo headset w/ microphone (black)[retail packaging]sense purchasing my motorola headphones with bluetooth they have been just great, at home or at work,being able to go from music to telephone hands. free is just the greatest! and thanks to amazon they were also very afordable,thanks amazon,sincerely david w.
i've been using these headsets daily for over 2 years now.  they don't fall off and are comfortable to use for over 4 hours.  i've replaced the foam cushions once (google it for instructions).
when i got my headset it was real easy to set it up with my cellphone and the sound is real clear when someone calls in or make a call out and it fits on my ears real nice when i am driving or listen to music
i am very happy with this headset.  has enough power(not so much in bass) and links to my phone with no problem.
for how inexpensive these were, the build & sound quality are great! i'm always cautious when buying headphones, and some reviews that i read about this pair of headphones don't do them justice. for all my listening needs, these fit really well.
exceeded my expectation. easily connects to my blackberry 9700 bold. simple installation. pretty good sound. i would recommend it to anybody.
this headset is an excellent "ally" to my lg.mp3s sound good.during a call,the mic pics up and puts out good and clear.comfortable "behind the ear" fit.
i love this headset. does exactly the job i need it to do. will buy some for my kids. made very well, i haven't had any problems with the construction. no problems when i talk on the phone with them
i brought these headset a year ago and i'm very happy with them. durable, the battery last for hours, and have good range away from your phone. i would recommend everyone to get these headset.
perfect in every way; comfort, battery duration, quality of calls and sound production. motorola did a very good job with this product.i would recommend buying this product.
sleek, comfortable, does the job, and holds a great tone for treble and bass. give subtle little beeps to let you know its running short on juice and holds its shape really well.
i use this all the time. best thing i ever purchased.
everything was good and shipped in a timely manner a good portable charger capable of charging two devices at once with lots of power so you dont run out
this saved the day! especially w quick draining smartphone & gopro batteries and a beach or tweetup and no power. it charges fast too. i really couldn't be happier. about 6 charges before recharging it and i can use my phone while its charging. happy girl
i owned the previous version of this item without the included cables. it is definitely a great design addition to this new generation.
this things keep going on and on forever.  can easily charge 4 phones and still more.  clean look and feel.  after few months still looks and performs as new.
charged fully in an hour & is still charged 2weeks later. i have used it a lot for my phone & my tablet. love it!
the external batter works great, is easy to travel with and is very practical. it was exactly what i thought it would be and was a fantastic bonus item!
the battery has a lifetime as advertised, and it's just as quick to charge a device as an electrical outlet.  the only complaint is the finish on the battery scratches easily and ends up having a patina instead of a shiny surface
i'm very happy with this charger. my galaxy s3 is having serious battery drain issues, so i've been using it frequently. it charges the phone very quickly, and i love the fact that i don't need to carry a separate cord along with it.
i purchased this on sale to have an external charger that could charge my ipad. it works really well. i can fully recharge the ipad with this. it was useful during the prolonged power outage after hurricane sandy. very happy with this purchase.
works great and is a life saver for my 3gs iphone which has a pathetic battery life. also use it on my ipod.
bought this for my entire family.  we are all heavy to moderate phone users and we can get 2 3 days charge out of it.  lightning fast charge, my dad is one to quickly bash products and he swears by this thing.
the best iphone charger ever. i rarely emote about a product, but this thing takes the cake! the design & functionality superb. a must for international travelers and heavy data users. six stars if that was an option.
i bought this for my ipod touch and my droidx. i use them a lot while i travel and the batteries go dead. i also use my droidx for my golf gps and have the new trent as a back up while on the course. great product with several adapters.
this battery is great purfect to take on a trip geat for topping off 2 iphones and a ipad before recharging,
just what i was looking for. sufficiently charges all devices well. not too many complaints here simple to keep with you as well.
this power pack is great. the two usb ports a great for charging literally anything! just don't forget your cable. the pack comes with a micro usb which is also handy. i just think the battery pack should have an iphone adapter as well.
i get to have alternative battery pack in my jacket when i go travel.  really helps when you have a phone that uses a lot of battery.
this is a well priced back up battery for iphone.  i bought it for traveling, when you don't always have access to ac.  easy to use and long lasting.
these are very good backup batteries, this is my second one. i have bought a couple as gifts, everyone loves them.
i purchased this as a gift for a friend.  he absolutely loves it.  will recharge a dead phone a little more than three times.  i highly recommend this product.  would definitely purchase again.
this thing was only used for disneyland because my phone dies after 12 hours of walking and calling / texting each other where are you.  other than that, i haven't used it as there is always a car charger, outlet around etc.
no need to be looking for a plug in socket when you carry this power pack.don't leave home without it.
i loved the personal attendion to detail from the people directly. i bought from imax directly using paypal. i emailed them and explained my situation. they accomodated my request. they went above and beyond to make me happy. they even added a personal touch.buy from them.great product, but fabulous service.[.]
le falta un bulto que le sirva bien. el que vende le queda grande. funciona como dicen y es muy compacto.
great power pack.  compact and light enough to travel with and sleek looking.  excellent battery life.  connections are sufficient and powerful enough.
this is very convenient when traveling. the size is perfect. but it really showed it's worth as it kept two busy iphones completely charged during a 20 hour power failure and ice storm. reminder for travel: take the connecting cord between this device and the one you want to charge.
no other battery pack can beat the price for this level of performance.  since purchased, product still providing dependable performance.  as always, happy with amazon customer service too.  this is a must have accessory for your smartphone or tablet computer.
product is well designed & is delivering stated performance. would certainly consider future purchase of new trent products, based on my experience with this item.
this is an amazing product, it works excelent, because its small, battery live its amazing, it charges fast, and its easy to use
i use this all the time to charge my iphone and ipad, when needed, while traveling on the bus to and from work.  the battery lasts a very long time before it needs to be recharged.  great.  thank you
charged iphone and ipad mini while i was traveling and charged them fully in about half an hour! great product for us traveling folk who need a quick charge!
this charger does exactly what it is supposed to do   charge my iphone, very quickly. i am very satisfied with this purchase.
even using gps or wifi, this gives a good long power source.  lasts long but also takes a while to charge fully.  nice size, fits easy in most pockets. includes the 2.1 amp output.
i'm very happy with this product.  i use it to power my iphone when i run low on juice and it saved me on several occasions.  easy to use.  i highly recommend it!
this pack has been great and after a year of usage is still performs like day one.  i charge phones and tablets with it while i am on the road.  i use it 5 days a week and it has been a real champ.
purchased this item for a flight from nm to florida so that i could use and charge my devices while on the plane.  worked great and i have used it numerous times afterwards.  great compact design and works great with both tablets as well as smart phones.
this is a great little addition to my electronics collection. it will give my ipad 70% charge and it will bring my iphones back to 100% in no time. love this little guy. light as well so not a huge hassle to carry.
this little battery pack can easily charge my evo 4g 5 times before it needs to be charged again. it is convenient and very easy to use. i love it  
battery is a great sidekick for my smartphone. i never leave home without it. its strong and powerful charges my phone really quick.
i love the the easypak because it has built in micro usb charging cable. packs a lot of power on a full charge.
this battery has been fantastic. very lightweight. charge lasts forever. dual usb ports are helpful. it's like i have an ac outlet in my bag.
i have only used it a few times but it is my constant companion for recharging my i phone and i pad.
great capacity and easy to use. was able to keep 2 iphones and 2 ipods charged up on a long trip using 1 charge. pretty good for ipad 3 as well. doesn't quite fill it up.
great battery packs!  we use these for every vacation for extra charge.  highly recommend for anyone who has a cell phone.
i've owned several of these and gave a few away as gifts.  this one is by far the best! 1
works well, the size is right and has the charging cables built in so you don't have to have the extra bulk.  it fits nicely into my jeans pocket.
excellent life, easy to use, works like a charm.  multiple outlets for multiple devices and i can't believe how long this thing stays on and how fast it charges!
this works awesome. it charged my iphone 5 up completely and still was able to add almost 50% charge to my ipad. i charged both at the same time and it worked flawless
bought this on a tip from a friend, and it works great. although it can't charge all tablets (my tf101 doesn't charge from it), it has no problems with cell phones. i can get at least 5 full charges out of it.
love it works great and i am very pleased with my product, i take it with me all the time.
my husband uses this while working overtime, or road details. it is convenient to keep the unit in your pocket, and plug the phone in to charge. works very well. he told me this was one of the best things i ever bought him.
i got it for free for can't really complain. it charged my phone twice so thats good but other then that i really don't use it.
bought it for myself but my son adopted. works awesome!  i'm going to get another one! he says he has to charge it every 3 days!
this pocket powered battery easily handled my needs plus my friends.  more than enough to handle a days worth of multiple charges.
&#1576;&#1589;&#1585;&#1575;&#1581;&#1607; &#1575;&#1606;&#1575; &#1605;&#1606; &#1610;&#1608;&#1605; &#1605;&#1575; &#1588;&#1585;&#1610;&#1578; &#1607;&#1584;&#1575; &#1575;&#1604;&#1605;&#1606;&#1578;&#1580; &#1608;&#1575;&#1606;&#1575; &#1587;&#1593;&#1610;&#1583; . &#1608;&#1605;&#1585;&#1578;&#1575;&#1581; &#1604;&#1575;&#1606; &#1575;&#1604;&#1576;&#1591;&#1575;&#1585;&#1610;&#1607; &#1588;&#1594;&#1575;&#1604;&#1607; &#1593;&#1604;&#1609; &#1575;&#1603;&#1605;&#1604; &#1608;&#1580;&#1607; &#1608;&#1601;&#1593;&#1604;&#1609; &#1578;&#1587;&#1578;&#1575;&#1607;&#1604; &#1602;&#1610;&#1605;&#1578;&#1607;&#1575; &#1608;&#1575;&#1575;&#1610;&#1583; &#1607;&#1584;&#1610; &#1575;&#1604;&#1605;&#1575;&#1585;&#1603;&#1607; &#1604;&#1575;&#1606;&#1610; &#1580;&#1585;&#1576;&#1578; &#1593;&#1583;&#1577; &#1576;&#1591;&#1575;&#1585;&#1610;&#1575;&#1578; &#1579;&#1575;&#1606;&#1608;&#1610;&#1607; &#1608;&#1575;&#1601;&#1590;&#1604; &#1607;&#1584;&#1610; &#1575;&#1604;&#1605;&#1575;&#1585;&#1603;&#1607; &#1593;&#1606; &#1594;&#1610;&#1585;&#1607;&#1575; &#1605;&#1606; &#1608;&#1575;&#1602;&#1593; &#1578;&#1580;&#1585;&#1576;&#1607;
i am using this for last 2 3 weeks to charge my iphone 4g and ipod ii. working great and no complains so far. this one is a life saver if you travel quite frequently.
i've used this to charge two phones at once and also use it to charge my tablet. overall, the price/performance can't be beat!
i can't imagine having to go all day without this battery. mainly for my damned android phone that sucks battery. this battery is great for trips as well. i can charge my phone and charge my ipad while watching movies. i don't have to constantly worry about my phone dying.
i have been using this power pack for a while know and it provides a great amount of power to charge cell phones and tablets on the go. no complaints.
it charges my galaxy s 3 in a very short period of time.  it is easy to use, very portable,  i've used recently at lacrosse tournaments outdoors.
this product is worth the money and i would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a good portable charger or maybe just a birthday/christmas gift. it would make great as a gift and i highly recommend it. :d
new trent batteries are lifesavers. i keep them in my carry on and frequently end up sharing with other passengers.  i have never been disappointed and always amazed that i can power up my ipad 3 from zero to around 60% with one battery charge.
my son loves this charger when he's out and about and can't get to an outlet.  you can charge your phone a number of times on a single charge.
i bought it as a backup battery for my olympus zx 1, it is light and easy to carry, good news is with one charge i can "recharge" my camera, one galaxy player and my phone. it charges my devices fast as it were plug in the wall.
this battery is versatile offering both 1 amp, and 2.1 amp usb charge slots, the latter completely effective in powering an ipod touch/hrt istreamer combination for 14.5 hours. also good 2.1 amp performance on a g connect wi fi media streamer/usb hdd storage device.
this product is very nice looking and seems to be well designed.  it's easy to use and small and portable.  has sufficient power storage for recharging my phone a couple times on extended periods away from electricity. i am very pleased with the unit.
charges a 1500 mah battery about 4 times before dying .not much to say here great product and it works
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b002d4ihym/ref=cm cr rev prod title very good external battery. i've charged my iphone and ipad at the same time with good results. thin and light. just excellent.
this is great for charging on the go.easy to use and no real issues. need one that can charge a macbook tho, compact and sleek design highly recommonaded
i love this product, it keeps my iphone and ipad going specially when i travel in long hours and when i go overseas.
i travel a lot and i am always in the need of extra juice.this battery charges up to 3 times my motorola atrix.construction is solid, it includes a usb to micro usb cable.con: may be the size, not really a con to me but smaller would be great.
this product works great ever since i have received it. it doesn't take long to charge and it will be ready to use.it is very portable also.
well i have bought over 10 of these for me and my friends it work perfectly love it, you guys cant go wrong with this bran and this product, also i must say it last just as long as they said it would.
this was a perfect add on to my original purchase because it is light and was a great value. highly recommended.
compact and light and an excellent backup charger for the ipad and iphone . i used it on my last trip and did not have to worry about running out of battery. highly recommend.
very easy to use. will come in handy on long trips for ipad and blackberry. small and compact,and easy to carry
works so great that i had to buy one for a gift. highly recommend the trent easypak. i can charge my bluetooth headphones as will as my apple products.
the cabling didn't fit my droid razor well but i slapped on a kindle charger and made it through a 3 day conference, i was a popular person there.  charges the phone very quickly, and is a good size to carry.
this battery pack is sleek and yet powerful. it is good for a few charges and light and easy to carry around.
this is a must have  especially if you are an outdoors person. went hunting in frigid weather in deep woods and this kept my phone going after my regualr phone battery went dead. great product and small enogh for your  pocket!
completely charges and iphone several times, doesn't quite fully charge an ipad2 at the same time, but does it quickly. provided enough power to make the ipad 2 last the flight dc  &#62; tokyo with hours to spare.
this device is a savior in my life. im always on the go and my device like my computer and phones die after long hours of the day. my new trent easypak is always their to supply power tk the devices that keep me going. very durable and effective.
if you're looking for something to charge up your ipod, camera, phone, ipad, etc., this product is fabulous. it's given me needed juice so many times i can't count. so worth the $50 to be able to provide a charge to your device when you're out and about.
very convenient to have 2 ports.  i have simultaneously charged my iphone and ipad at the same time.  will last for days on a full charge.  great for traveling.  love the sleek and portable design.  would recommend for anyone trying to find the right backup.
i bought this because i got my father the 5200mah version for christmas. i got this because i also have a tablet that v may need power. it charges things fast, and is versatile for its charging abilities
i use this for my iphone and it does what i need it to do. i have run the battery down to 15% and charged it all the way back up 2 1/2 times before recharging the new trent device.
great product.needed an adapter.called company.and they sent me one.free.excellent customer service.even though they were in the process of moving they took the time to talk to me.very satisfied.stefff.ps this review is for the imp 500, 5000mah
this is wonderful! got 2 of them and they both work awesome. in the woods all day, fishing, out in the field working. this is a must have for every one. it will charge several different devices. wish i would have known about them years ago!
this product is very good. it's very light and you can take to anywhere you want. if you are looking for external battery charger i recommend this one.
this is actually my third battery from new trent. it is very reliable. what i like about this one in particular is that it looks a lot better than the older products. the built in charging cable is also a plus.
excellent product. works as advertised. my first unit was defective  the customer service was the best i have encountered in a looong time. very quick turn around.  battery life is exactly as described, between 3 4 full charges.
i'm surprised at how long it holds a charge. seems like it lasts forever off just one charge. it is extremely convenient and portable. all my friends are jealous and want one too now.
i got 5 full charges from it! awesome for traveling!! highly recommended! 5 hour drive from salt lake to vegas was filled with entertainment because of new trent!
this battery pack has saved me so many times from being without entertainment and ability when away from my car and home chargers.  it charges all of my gadgets quickly and safely so that i can be entertained and informed no matter where i am.
i spend 10 hours plus in the woods hunting  the battery pack works great  i think its a must for outdoorsmen
this battery is great i get like 4 to 5 charges out before recharging just what i needand the service was great would buy again!
found this so easy to use, a must for anyone who goes camping!!! everything is clearly marked on it so no need for instruction!!! i love it!!!
i use it around the house and in the car.  it's easy to set up and connect! if i would have known how much easier this would have made my phone calls, i would have bought one years ago!
great product. it does exactly what it says it does. it works with the iphone's voice control function very well.
i bought one for my g 4 and it worked so good i bought five more for christmas presents. it is so great to have my music come through the radio clear plus easy to operate it.adrian
the motorocker worked great right out of the box. simple to use, clear sound, synced right away with both my blackberry curve and my droid x. fm feature is cool too but don't actually use it much. this is just a great, reliable unit that does what it says.
this device is easy to use.  it tells you what channel to tune to.  i bought to listen to my music because antenna in work truck stinks.  it work like a charm.  the option not to have it go through the radio was a plus also.
love it.  it takes a little while to learn how to use it, but if you invest the time, you will love it too.
we have looked at lots of these and for the money this is the best there is. we have bought 2 of them the first met with an unfortunate accident and i immediately went out and replaced it with the same product.
very good product came fast no harm. sounds really cear. perfect size for the car doesnt die fast and lastest a long time.
it was so easy to set up. it took about 5 10 minutes to read and get working. then i just played with it and called myself to see what it could do. it is very easy to use and the clarity of the voices is very good.
the t505 works as advertised.  it connects to my blackberry reliably and has good stereo sound through the fm radio.
love it.  had it for over a month and still yet to charge it.  quality great.  fm option a little rudimentary, but appreciating this!
this product works flawlessly.  the radio transmitter is really not needed, but as a hands free speaker it is very loud, crisp, and clear.  it also lasts a long time per charge/use.  very good build quality also.
i am pretty much happy with this product. it is pretty easy to use and set up.thanks amazon for the prompt delivery.
this is the best blue tooth device for your car absouloutly the best i love it i use it with my iphone 4 s and it works excellent even to read text and write text for you while driving it his worth 10 times in gold !!
i can use it in my home or in my car.even when we are out and about but i normally use it while i m cooking
this was a good addition to my 8 year old car.  works great.  the only problem i have had it i let the battery run down and had to re pair my iphone (original).
purchased for a new job, tried out around the home area and have had no problems once i figured out the buttons. automatically paired to my phone in under 1 minute. much easier than my daughters new car to pair up the phone. works great with the radio speakers too.
i am happy with this product, it was shipped fast and is exactly what the description said it was
simple to use, sound quality is great playing music from phone, also voice quality is great on calls.
i have tried a lot of speaker phones. this one works just great. i do not use it thru the radio just as a speaker. the sound is great.just hit the call button and say the name you want to call. great hands free system.
best bang for buck, works great people cannot tell that you are using it, it streams music well and goes from one task to another easy, also the battery life is great
love being hands free to talk while driving.  works great!  easy to use and takes up only a small amount of room.
i got this for a family member.  i liked it so much that i took it to work and my department decided to purchase 128 units.  if an electrical engineer thinks it great, you'll love it.
i brought this as a gift for my boyfriend, he loves it! after seeing how great it works, i purchased one for myself.
sound is clear and speaker is great. people on other end say there is no distortion in the sound.distance is almost too far, i forget i have a connection with leaving the car and it picks up well over 100 feet.
motorola motorokr t505   speaker phone   wireless   bluetooth 2.0i have a plantronic and two jawbone bluetooth headsets.  i love this motorokr t505!  it's a great handsfree unit that announces incoming calls and uses your existing car speakers for better audio.  it's fantastic!!
my wife and i both have the motorola t505s along with droid x cells and everything works perfectly especially if cardock app is used. navigation will remain displayed while music is playing and a phone call will pause music automatically. simple and efficient.
absolutely perfect for my needs. exactly what i wanted.  i researched this product and others like it. this was the one i wanted.  it was a bit hard to find but i'm glad i held out until i did.
use this when i drive for my ipod. sometimes my friends will use the speaker to listen to a movie off the ipod while hanging outside.
it's easy to use and the sound is just as good as being on the phone. i couldn't tell when my wife first called me using it. i want one for my car now.
this has been a good investment. it is cheaper than the cost of a ticket for talking on the phone while driving. i wish the power button and radio speaker button were better marked, but i am happy with the product.
great.love this thing!!!! works like a charm.it's like having blue tooth built in to your automoblie.
once setup just turn it on and you are set to go.people on the other end of the call cannot tell you are on handsfree.i have one in each car and love it.
this is the safest way to use your telephone while in the car.  reception is great!  only wish it came with an in home charger.
no regret of getting this one.  i also brought the t305 but is not working well on all the phone.  this one works like a charm.  may order an extra one.  even park the car at basement and the connection works well.
it is everything as advertised.  i like the feature for playing my blackberry music through the stereo.  sounds great, easy to use.  definite must for the visor mount bluetooth.  kudos.
if you love using bluetooth and i hate moving violations, this is a great product for you!  this device connects to any bluetooth capable phone and provides clear, hands free calling.
the product arrived when as promised.  it was easy to pair to my phone and operating is very easy.a great choice for anyone on the road a lot.
this product is well worth the money! i haven't had any problems, the battery life last forever, the clarity is great, and it connected to every phone i've owned.
received my motorola car kit and the set up was done in 2 minutes. its easy using it. the sound is good and everyone hears me very well.
motorola t505 bluetooth portable in car speakerphoneas expected, i found the product performing as promissed by the company to my full satisfaction. amazon's service was perfect by all means.
gift for son in law and he loves it.  he was so excited to receive.  he told me it was awesome to the 5th level.  that must be pretty good.  the seller shipped on time.  no complaints at all.
item was on time and have had no troble with item. keep up the good workthank you.
great product i purchased my wife one also andwe both love this hands free device works great
makes using my phone while driving a lot safer. but you do feel a bit funny talking to your radio.
this works exactly as described, even with an iphone! you can stream radio, pandora, or itunes wirelessly to your car radio via the fm frequency.  it is pretty simple and straightforward to use. i highly recommend it!
others may edge this as it is an old model in terms of features but none even today can match or better it for performance & clear quality sound and reception.
the motorokr blue tooth car kit was better than i could have imagined. i would recommend this product for everyone.
it is an awesome hands free speakerphone for the car.  no background noise for the person on the other end of the call.  bluetooth works great with iphone.  great battery life.  fm transmitter is good.  would highly recommend it.
purchased this for myself, and then after i checked it out, got it for several friends and family.  i'm delighted, and they are delighted.  this is after i tried several blue tooth earpieces and two fm transmitters.
works great when i call my wife she can talk and drive or let my son talk to me from the back seat while she driving and i can hear them clearly and its easy to install and use.
love this thing!! i'm one  who hates wearing the bluetooth ear pieces. it works great and is very clear and easy to operate.
more than expected for the money and it does the job well. it's great for the car but also great for your belt or for your shirt pocket. keep working and talking.
get this thing out and away from the city and you'll never give it up!it's a little sketchy trying to find a clear channel when there are a thousand fm stations crammed together, but other than that, the sound is truly dynamic.
it's a nice product it does the job, sound quality is pretty good, although the buttons are sensitive.
love love love this item! very easy to use. better than using an ear piece.
it works.it works.it works.  a very effective and efficient system that does not cost a pound and a crown.  it delivers clear, crisp sound plus you can listen to your radio with it.  who can ask for anything more??? not i!!!
i have had this unit for a couple of months and it works flawlessly.it works well with both my blackberry 8700 and my wife's razor.a very good buy at the price i paid here at amazon.
our state just passed a new law for cell phones and driving. this was easy to set up and use. sound is very clear.
it is easy to use and has good sound quality.  i tried a different brand and took it back to store.  can do voice activation and it is easy.  even my technology challenged husband can do it.
purchased item for my son to use in his field truck. works great. my son is very satisfied with tis product.
i have heard the sound from 4 other fm transmitters, this transmitter performs best   i've heard no static so far.using the speakerphone, the callers report performance same as just talking on the phone.one of the best products i've ever tried so far. 5 stars for sure!
purchased for my daughter.  i wish she had put it in her car for safety sake because she has children, but she lost it so i can't say if it is good or not.
cool and cheap device, that works with many brands fo phones, wirelessly aloowing you to answer calls and hear music while driving, putting safety first.
the unit works as promised. easy set up and user friendly. i would certainly recommend this to a friend.
this blue tooth is awesome! very simple to use and pair. can get your calls directly through bluetooth, or they can be transmitted through your fm stereo. also allows you to stream music wirelessly from your phone over your car stereo. great product
this hands free unit is very easy to set up and operate.  it's a big help to anyone who already has enough distractions in their car, like kids!
this is exactly what i was hoping for. totally hands free and ear free as well. battery life is very good, it almost complain about low battery after a month. every one should be using this if they don't like to wear bluetooth.
great value for the money. easily bonded with my phone and works very well with my vehicles fm stations. callers can hear my voice even at freeway speeds. best part of all you don't have to feel like girl wearing an earring!
i wasnt sure if this device was worth the money (over other cheaper bluetooth handsets) but it very much is!! very convenient and easy to use.
great product. works as expected with excellent fm results. a must have if your car system does not have blue tooth and you need to use your ipods' music files.
the product works just as advertised,it worked the 1st time i set it up.no problems with it so far.
works great also the voice quality is excellent. gives out the telephone number calling you. i brought two of the t 505
this is a great product!  i use this when i'm not interested in using my bluetooth earpiece, and the reception is clear. microphone is good too. people say they can hear me fine, even when i'm on the road on a windy day on the highway.
this is the ultimate bluetooth handsfree device. it pairs just as easily with your device as you would with an earpiece, and synching with the radio is simple as well. the mic on the device is great, and if you want a speakerphone this is the one!
always clear.  nobody even knows their on speakerphone.  great with stereo also.  product worked flawlessly the minute i took it out of the package.  much better than a headset, and the battery lasts a long time.  i recharge every two weeks.recommend to all!!!
product is working as expected and in good condition works great for my car and my iphone and i love being able to listen to my music through the car speakers.
great product, great sellers, its just that simple. works perfect with my wife who can normaly mess up any piece of electronics
read the instructions and started it up in five minutes. easy to operate and worth the price.
easy to set up, easy to use. i use it mostly to play my music from phone over my speakers in the car. if a text or call comes in it mutes music and you can take the call. i would recommend this product.
this was a gift for my husbnad.  not only does he use it in the car, but also carries it in his belt when he is walking around.  the sound quality with the car speakers and without is clear.
this was recommended to me by a friend who also purchased through amazon.  we are both verry happy with the prodcut.  enjoy the fact my husband and i can be in the car together and have a conversation with anyone.  the quality is clear.
i am very please with my purchase of the motorola t505 and the advanced features it has to offer.  phone calls are heard crips and clear every time.  i've already recommended this product to my friends.
this device works great .came in great condition.deff happy i think the best thin on the market sep if you dont want to deal with wires
i bought this for my husband for christmas and he loves, loves, loves it. it's small and stays out of the way and was super easy with the one touch link up. calls are crystal clear on both ends and not a dropped call yet. highly recommended!!!
we purchased the t505 after my wife's use of the integrated bluetooth in our other car. she really wanted the convenience too. the t505 performs beautifully. it's very easy to set up. it sounds great through the car's speakers or alone. and the portability makes it a winner!
very nice product. it is so easy to use and the battery last long.  i would recomend it to everybody.
speakerphone works well for phoning and also is useful for streaming radio sound from phone to car stereo.  fm interference is not a problem in my fairly dense suburban area.
great service and love to use my iphone and play my music as i am in my golf cart.live in a golf cart city,so use this all the time,,even my dog (belle) love's the tunes as we cruise around town
this device works great in the car. very handy for hands free driving. excellent sound quality. i would recommend this product to anyone.
this motorola t505 is a wonderful gadget to make your cell phone a speaker phone. it also plays music from your device through the car speaker phone. very easy to use, and it works great!!! i love it!!
great speaker phone, and radio integration.  i usually use it just as speaker, and it works very well.
i use it with my iphone g3, it works pretty good. i am able to listen to music from my ipod through my radio in my porsche. its own sound is also good.
this works exactly as advertised. i can hear through the device or radio station just fine, and people hear me better than on the headset. makes driving and talk on the phone much easier and safer!!!
i have used this bluetooth component for a few weeks now and it is well worth the price if your vehicle does not have a bluetooth capable system installed from the factory.
this is easy to use & provides great clarity when using with cell phone.highly recommended for hands free driving.also transmits through radio into speaker system.
blue tooth works great. calls are very clear. i especially like blue tooth  for using my ipod to listen to my downloaded music as i have an older car that does not have a jack for mp3's.
i have owned many motorola wireless products before with mixed reviews.this speakerphone works as promised, constructed well, reliable and easy to use.by far is is the best motorola product i have bought to date
i did some extension search for this type of product and found that this product meet/excedeed my needs. motorola motorokr t505 is best buy for what it offers and cost. amazon price was the cheapest in comparison to all online vendors that are excellent.
brought this item cause a friend suggested it . great buy now i don't need a bluetooth stereo in my car and i can play music straight from my phone to my steoreo i freaking love it
i bought this for my mom who is hard of hearing and she loves it.  it's easy enough for her to use.  she showed it to a friend and ordered one for him too!
bought this on recommendations of other amazon customers. it works great! loud speaker and callers say they can hear me perfectly. i'm very pleased.
this is an excellent idea!! i love it, because you can still hear what is coming over the speaker and they can still hear you really well
this device worked great right out of the box.  a simple instruction sheet to get me started and wala.
my husband loves his christmas gift. the item arrived quickly. wasn't hard to go through the set up. everything worked.  nice item.  great cost!  thanks
in a word  "great"i never expected a device to be so user friendly. i happen to be walking by the same item at best buy for 129  
good device very worth the $58!  good fm connectivity, very loud, solid sync every time to phone, no feedback, no echo.
i looked at many products of this type.  from the reviews i found this product the easiest to use and transport to another vehicle.  i find it to be just that and with excellent call quality.  could not have picked a better auto hands free phone.
the product dies exactly as promised.  it was easy to set up and works great.  a value for the money.
if you like gadgets, this is for you.  it is a bluetooth hands free speakerphone, or can broadcast your phone conversation or ipod to your car stereo.  it even selects a clear frequency on which to broadcast.  it's really cool.
works great with my blackberry, easy to use the voice dial safely.  works over the radio beautifully.  very happy.  recomend it highly
excellent product. volume is good. fm feature is great. i get to listen to rush limbaugh on podcast and answer my iphone at the same time. couldn't ask for better.i also bought the eq7 by motorola.  equally excellent.
great product, so i can be hands free with my phone and listen to my downloaded music over my car stereo.  well worth the money.
been using it since early 2011 its now nov. 2013 still working good use it daily, no need for cds now use my phone
the motorola t505 is a excellent product. the fm transmitter works great. you just have to find the right station.  the product arrive very fast.
this product works just as advertised. i'm buying a second one for our other car. no complaints after 3 weeks of ownership.
this works exactly as expected and described.  the incoming calls are announced and once connected the calls sound great at either end.  i have been using it for over a month and it has not failed to meet my expectations of what car handsfree telephony should be.
wife uses this with her lg env 3.  works and keeps her from getting a ticket since texting and cell phone use has been banned in town except for hands free devices.
works very easy right of the box, use this all with time with my bb storm.stereo sound great, calls sound great, very easy set up. i have tried other fm transmitters that have worked terrible, this on works great.
great product. made hands free in the car a breeze.  much cheaper here than in a brick and mortar.  got it free shipping in a week.
i spent hours reviewing the wide variety of products offered by amazon in the bluetooth catagory. based on the reviews offered specific to this product, i decided to go with the motorokr t505. i have no regrets. i works exactly as promised. it's a great value for the money.
this thing lasts for at least a month on a charge.  it has great sound, and easily connects with my samsung g4 and my car radio.  recommend this over other models as it works the best.
paired right up, straight out of the box.  was able to take hands free calls immediately.  the only caveat is tryin' to remember what all the codes mean:  purple, purple flashing, green, red, red flashing, red pulse.ad  nauseam.speaker works fine   plenty loud.
product is awesome, works great and is easy to use. i just leave it in the car and use it when i need to talk handsfree.
this is a wonderful product. the speaker is clear and it has good volume. i love the fm transmitter mode. when i use it the person on the other line says that they can't even tell i am on a bluetooth. i have one in every vehicle!
we both love this thing. very easy to set up and use. internal speaker needs a quiet environment, however, the fm radio feature gives you all the power you need. voice recognition is ok, just try to limit road noise and fan noise, i drive an suv.
this works beautifully. i link it to my radio and it is great and easy to use, excellent purchase. i recommend this item.
easily paired with my q. the unit recommends very clear stations even in my large metropolitan city.  battery lasts well over a week of regular usage and the music sounds great streaming from my phone.  oh and the call function also works.
i worked overnights and operated a fork lift i used this to stream music heard the music clear with all the sounds around me
great product! works well with my blackberry tour. the fm transmitter feature is what sold me. i can play the music on my phone through the speakers of my jeep wrangler, that does not have an auxiliary plug in. will be purchasing another for my girlfriend.
i bought this for my husband.  he loves it!  nice and clear reception and can be moved from vehicle to vehicle.
very clear sound and the fm radio part works great. so nice that i bought another one for my girlfriend, for xmas. would recommend highly
purchased this for the fm use   but i havent needed it the build in speaker works great a very good value for the money
this products works great. i'm very happy the way it preforms. i would recommend to anyone who is looking for a hands free device.
the product works well with iphone but will not connect with our pantech ease. will continue working on the problem.
i like the clarity and i love that i don't have to were a ear piece.it easy to use.
easy to install, works great.  very sensitive to voice commands, you've got to be clear, but you do get a chance to validate your choice or start anew.  buttona all over the place, front, back, both sides, a little difficult to use when clipped to the visor.
this bluetooth was not that bad actually, the volume it perfect for when im driving and the person on the other line can always hear me. i like my bluetooth! i think its a keeper! =)
this set is as good as it gets for the money spent. for $25, its hard to beat. i keep mine as a backup to my jawbone.  connects, charges and looks pretty good. sound is good too. not great but still worth the money spent.
i bought this bluetooth for my sister because i have the same one.  it is a great buy and she received her package before the estimated date of arrival.  thank you!
the product works as expected. very good sound quality. easy to connect to your phone. no complains as of now.
i'm new to the whole bluetooth headset thing and am very happy with my first experience. this is easy to use, very comfortable and the batter life is impressive.
awesome bluetooth. second one i've owned. previously owned the 521 as well, and both have great clarity and comfort.
i had an older (cheaper) model plantronics headset before that died when it was accidentally stepped on. it met my needs, but wasn't always cooperative getting in and staying in my ear. the 520 is surprisingly comfortable and easy to put in, and it delivers good sound quality.
the plantronics voyager 520 is clear, loud enough to be heard and holds a charge long enough for any day.  the charger is a bit awkward to get the device into the nipple on the charger.  a micro usb charger would be better.
product received as advertised at a very reasonable priceand in a timely manner.  i am quite satisfied with thesound quality of this device.
1) it works perfectly , 2)great sound clarity   i could hear everything quite clearly without any hiss or voice artifacting from bt compression ,3) good controls for volume and power ,4) easy to connect
i had many bluetooth headsets over the years, but this one is great. so simple to use. i used a plantronics headet for many years when i worked for the phone company. as i said this company and product is the best around.
this headset is so comfortable i sometimes forget it's in. the quality of the reception is great and all at a reasonable price.
this product is great, hands free, charge lasts a long time, sounds clear, would buy it again and would recommend to a friend
we love this bluetooth! my husband is very hard of hearing in one ear and deaf in the other, he can hear perfectly through this! plus the battery last forever!
my husband uses the plantronics 520, and has for the last few years, we're both truck drivers, and these are the only ones that we've found that truly cancel out the background noise. we both use them, i just use a different model.
my husband left this plantronics headset in his pocket, and it got washed. after finding it in the bottom of the washing machine, i left it in a bag of rice for 24 hours to dry it out. amazingly, it still works perfectly!
it has great volume and i get clear, precise hearing with it. i have no problems with it at all. again, i love it.
very good quality but the battery is a little poor.
this blue tooth has worked well so far it is very easy to pair, all accessories worked right out of the box. sound incoming and outgoing is very good. ear wrap is a bit bulky but very secure.at 39.95 this is a very good value.
i love these things! this is the fourth (4) one i've purchased. absolutely cannot go wrong with one of the babies!!! enjoy!
great headset.battery life on a single charge is 8hours. thats about my fourth order.works great with my bluetooth devices.quick easy and simple when pairing to other bluetooth devices.
but this model works perfectly with my bb curve. the first one lasted 5 years (with some home repair of the ear hook) but i found a way to finally break it beyond repair. i purchased the same model as a replacement and it works extremely well.
very functional and easy to use for quick response to calls.  simple to connect for service.  it's not that bad looking, either.  especially ifyou'rea trekkie!!
i bought this item three weeks ago. had no problem with activation. it is comfortable to wear, good battery life, good quality of sound, convenient control.
i received this product in a timely manner.  it was easy to setup and use.  i really am pleased with the product quality.
fits comfortably on your ear.  sounds great.  when charge dies the quality of hearing lessens.  but works like a charm.definitely happy with my purchase.
i have owned this product for a year and a half now and it is still working fantastic. it has been a great product and i highly recommend it.
this device has allowed me to talk on the phone while driving.  all you do is push a button on your bluetooth and speak.
i have had numberous bluetooth devices and for the money this one is stellar. no one on the other end of my conversations has complained, a first for these $40 ish devices. cant go wrong with this one.
this is a great bluetooth.  it fits comfortably and sounds great.  the price at amazon is more than half what it goes for at best buy.  way to go amazon.
this is the best bluetooth headset i've owned and i'm on my fifth one. very comfortable to wear but keep the car windows closed and radio turned down low, it will amplifiy all the background noises.
though this item maybe bulky and not sleek, its a workhorse because it works. i would recommend this item to all who are looking for a real wireless headset.
my wife and i both own the same voyager 520.  it does everything it is supposed to do.  mine is over a year old and my wife has been using her's for a few months, on my recommendation.  nuff` said.
best ear piece i have ever used and one third the price of walmart same exact product $25 instead of $70
i bought this for my girlfriend because she likes to talk while driving.  this is much safer than using speakerphone.  i would encourage all men to buy their girlfriend's a bluetooth headset.  we could systematically cure the world of bad drivers.
like i said in the title, it is the quality you would expect from a much more expensive earpiece. i've tried lots of different earpieces (friends) but none have compared to the value for money, ease of use, fit, and sound quality of this earpiece.
this is one of the better plantronics i'm my oppinion, great sound and cancelles noise really good as well. can also sync to two devices at once
i have been using this product for a few months now. i recommended it to alot of people i know. i love how the headset is comfortable in your ear. however after a few hours of wearing it, it hurts alittle.
i really like this headset.  i can hear and be heard clearly and it is very comfortable to wear.
i bought this for my husband and he loves it. the sound quality is terrific. he wears it all day at work. light and comfortable. good buy
excellent sound, not uncomfortable to the ear and the battery lasts long enough without recharging. i definitely recommend the product.
the bluetooth is very good. i bought the exactly same one before but lost it. this is the second one i bought at amazon.
great product. i would recommend it for anybody needing to use one bluetooth for two phones.
the voyger 520 is just the headset i have been looking for. after several makes which left much to be desired this headpiece was easy to set up and functions excellently in all conditions.
this headset is easy fit, comfortable, long lasting battery, good range, easy fix, nice design, compact, power stand, well recommended,,,
muy buen producto de verdad, ya con el manual en mano y enterarse de que se puede conectar a dos dispositivos en simultaneo me resolvio el detallito de los 2 celulares que traigo
this headset is the most comfortable i have ever used. sound quality is excellent and the price on amazon makes it an amazing deal!
i have tried several.this is by far the best.it fits well.sound quality is good.i would definitely purchase again.
this is my first bluetooth and i am very satisfied. easily paired with my blackjack and it automatically connects the headset after being turned on. fits perfectly. thank you amazon.
i love this bluetooth, i checked at verizon and they recommended this one with my phone. i got it on amazon for half the price, i saved enough i got my kids one for christmas also.
i had an older version of the plantronics headset.  lost it so had to replace it. i really like this one.  very comfortable and affordable!  would recommend this to anyone!plnvoyager520   plantronics voyager 520 bluetooth headset
i have ordered this bluetooth several times.due to user errors!i love it.  it definitely blocks out background noise and holds a good charge.worth the money.
this is a wonderful product.  very user friendly.  the quality of sound is great.  price is very competitive from retail stores.recommended buy for sure!
this has good sound and is easy to use. i have a samsung i760, and the setup is easy, and the sound is clear. i reccommend this product.
bought for hubby with new phone and extra charges.  i think he is now coming out of the bag phone era.  lol.  thanks good price and shipping
i like the fit of this bluetooth ear piece, the quality, shut off button and it's the only one i have been purchasing for many years now.
we had one of these for 5 6 years and got good reception on it until the last month of its life. bought a second one, have had it a couple of months, and we are very happy with it.
this was a gift. it arrived on time and in good shape. it works great and there were no issues with it.
i have used this everyday, almost all day, works great. speedy delivery of product.headset and price all as well as expected. would definitely recommend to family and friends.
this is my second plantronics 520   i lost the first one on a business trip after 2+ years of faithful service.  excellent, cost effective, no frills.  i recommend.
works great.  the led is more informative than my old motorala hs820.  not the smallest bluetooth headset, but it works great.
well i honestly think that this product has all the things that i need in a bluetooth headset and its very easy to use and very simple to connect to any bluetooth enabled device.
the headset linked up easily with my phone. the sound is great, better than using just the phone itself. i'm really pleased with this blue tooth headset and would recommend it to anyone.
great product it withstands a soda soaking plus getting rinced off and getting rained on and i still have no problems out of it. works great even with the windows down while driving. so far i'm very impressed with this product.
i absolutley love my bluetooth, it is user friendly and paired great with my iphone 4s. i recommend this to all interested.
shipment arrived sooner than expected. this was a gift for a friend.  my friend swear plantronics makes the best and will not use any other bluetooth.  he is a happy camper!
had the 510 before and this is a good replacement. feels good in my ear, and doesn't have those "inserts" that the 510 had, which fall out, etc. have seen no problems at all. i actually like the "interface" (buttons, tones, etc) better than the 510.
functioned flawlessly for about 5 years before sudden failure. it is light weight, and easy to use.  my wife used hers almost continually.
the 520s are reliable and have good sound quality. i dropped & bounced my last one several times. the ear piece finally came off, so i ordered a new one.
i ordered this product to listen to music on my morning runs.  i use an application on my android phone to push the music to the headset.it sounds great and stays on my ear while i'm running. i haven't been able to run the battery down yet!
great . that sums up this product. i can't even tell its there (in my ear) most of the time. its comfortable and very inexpensive compared to buying it at the at&t retail shop.
i love this earbud. this is the 3rd plantronics i have purchased, i broke one and lost one. i bought another, as a spare, just in case i loose the one i wear every day while driving.
good product, great price, fast shipping,what more can i say i like it!! good deal even though thier is a newer model!!
very comfortable. the best i ever wore.  sound is excellent, charges very quickly, low noise.  friends say i sound as clear as without it.
seems to keep a good charge as advertised and was easy to use and sync to my iphone4.  has good clarity with top down and the only downside is the proximity of cell needs to be very close for usage. for the price its a1!
i have been using this for two years. it's one of the best purchse decision i ever made.  the price level has sustained and does not really depreciate over time.
a great bluetooth device   works fine, easy to setup. battery lasts long enough for some days without recharging (of course, depending on the usage!).right now i'm using with my blackberry and notebook.
cool, easy to use. bot twice this item and good for price. can recommend it.used the previous one for 2 years and was broken and bought once more as i got used to it.
love i'm able to synchronize my work phone and personal at the same time and work great at the same time with no problem
i am loving my bluetooth type ear piece. it is so comfortable to wear. i sometimes forget that i have it in my ear. it is so nice to be hands free. i feel much safer and less distracted. good purchase.
i get it for my iphone its really good sound is so clear and working great
great product.  works like a charm.  no problems.  great shipper, excellent service.would recommend this product anywhere, anytime.  the device is easy to match with your receiver, etc.
this headset fits great. works great. long battery life.ultra sensitive, to the point where i have to talk very gently, or people complain that i am yelling.other than that. it is a very good headset.
great product! sound quality great, easy to use, comfortable to wear.  and perfect size (for me anyway).
latched on to cell phome (htc x7501) and gave clear communication right out of the box, living up to pc mag's top choice designation. would have been nice to give different size ear pieces, though.
bought this for my mother in law for xmas and she loved it. it is easy to use and very clear. great gift.
i got this device  recently and it works wonderfully. i have been using it all the time now ,when i'm driving and i can keep my eyes on the road.
works great with my iphone 4.  very easy to pair and get going.  battery lasts a very long time.  i only use this when driving, and i have yet to need to recharge it.
this is the third one of these i have purchased.  the one i use is about three years old and still works fine.  the other two were gifts.  great ear piece at a good price.
i have owned many bluetooth devices nokia, jabra, motorola and this one far exceeds all of them. very well made and very sturdy.
i had an earlier version of the 520 but this one is even better. it works great with my iphone 4 for voice dialing. no hassles with the purchase. very smooth. very satisfied. i use my 520 everyday.
this is the best bluetooth we've ever had. my husband drives heavy equipment and has gone throught a half dozen different styles and none have compared to this one. grab it while you can, the style's been discontinued.
i've had more than 5 bluetooth headset, this one is the best;i'm using for my 2 cellphones at the same time, it's perfect and easy to use!
i've had all sorts of bluetooth headsets since they first came out, nothing compares to the comfort and audio quality of a plantronics!!  got a great deal on these for $15 i'm always looking for them on sale!
i bought this for my wife, who is decidedly yestertech. it paired easily and quickly and is a cinch to operate. reception is clear. in short, it does what it was designed to do.
as described. and works great!!!!!!! it came in original package, easy to pair and the range it great. keep my phone in the case or my pocket and have no problems at all. like the way i can change the volume to the earpiece. thanks again!
product works very well.  call quality is excellent and users can not tell i am on a bluetooth headset.  very comfortable to wear.
great product, i received this item on time, item was perfectly packaged. will buy from this person again. plus i highly recommend them to my friends.
i like this headset because it is very nice i well buy 5 items if the amazon give me discount.thank you amazon you are very great.
it has been mark down for $$$, so i decided to get it to replace my old one. came with great package. excellent with it's design. i feel cool about this. very comfortable also. get it now!
the sound quality on this blue tooth is perfect. it doesn't play music through the blue tooth when it is turned on, which is great for syncing in my jeep, and the people that i talk too say they here me perfectly.
before this one, i had three other plantronics bluetooth headsets. all of them have worked well for me. one died after more than a year of heavy use. i lost one. i  have another one that still works fine. so far, this one is the best.
i have used three bluetooth headsets before i bought plantronics voyager 520. all of them were uncomfortable and boring. voyager is the best headset, very light and confortable! the battery is very good , longlasting!
my girlfriend loves this item.  she uses it constantly.  it came promptly and was exactly as described.  this is ridiculus!!!
unlike some bluetooth headsets, this one can be worn for a couple of hours without becoming uncomfortable on the ear.  very good connectivity and reasonably priced as well.
i love this thing.  it works great, stays connected, fits well and stays on tight when on your ear.  the charging stand is small and sometimes hard to get it to snap on but it works.
bought as a replacement for another 520 i lost. i prefer this shape and design for comfort, and it works great around the house from room to room away from the phone. i definitely recommend this product.
ordered as a backup because i love my current one but the ear piece broke.  i also ordered replacement ear pieces in the event another breaks so i can enjoy my favorite headset before they don't make them anymore!  thanks amazon
best bluetooth headset i have owned.  i can hear clearly when taking calls. i would recommend to anyone looking for a wireless bluetooth.
great ear piece. extremly comfortable, to the point that i forget that it's in my ear.  very clear reception also.
this is a fantastic product.  it is heavy duty and works like a charm.
item arrived on time and was as discribed.  if you're looking for a headset that you want to use very far from your phone, this is not it, but; it works great for the way i use it.
i've gone through about 3 different headsets, including plantronics wired versions.  this is the first one i've found that works flawlessly.  no "tunnell" sound, volume is perfect in both directions.  thanks for a product that works like it's supposed to, and allows me freedom to roam.
i like this blue tooth head set, i had it before. good price. it does give me any problems, i can hear perfectly fine on this.
lost my 1st one after 2 years and bought the same one again.  very comfortable with great noise reduction.  allows for hands free voice activated dialing on my iphone which comes in handy.
great product, long battery life, easy sync with phone, great reception and noise cancel.  great value for money.
i had one of these and the over ear piece broke.  i am glad this model is still available as i like to so very much.  new one works great.
i got this to replace the one i had for over two years. same one and i had no problems with it. i got the new one in a timely manner. thank you.
i bought this product for my brother and he loves it. it's very easy to use and the talktime is longer than many other bluetooth devices.
i purchased this on impulse, and i'm so glad i did. i can hear perfectly clearly, and no one complains about excess noise, or tells me it sounds like i'm talking in a tunnel!
this bluetooth is great. i would recommend this to anyone looking for a good bluetooth. sound quality is clear. it is easy to set up and connect each time. it also fits easily into a pocket when not using it. very comfortable on the ear also.
amazon has a fantastic selection of bluetooth headsets to choose from. the platronics headset fit my needs perfectly.  it arrived right on time and was just what i wanted. it is comfortable to wear and easy to use.  a great purchase.
this is a great little headset, especially for someone who spends a lot of time on the phone.  i'd highly recommend this for business and real estate sales people.
this unit works great. good sound, easy to use, not alot of noise for the other person. feels fine wearing for (a couple) hours, even with glasses. great price, and fast delivery.
her old bluetooth fell apart and i ordered this one after some degree of research.  she is well pleased so i scored some points too in this transaction.  works like the proverbial top.  quickly and well sent so a great experience.
this set is well made and easy to use. the fit is nice & its super loud. it also has a great battery life.
this is the best bluetooth i have ever had you can here verry well and the volume can be ajusted  the batter time is verry long about 3 days of charge with alot of use can't say anything bad
pros, lite, small, good sound quality.consthe rubber ear insert mite b a little uncontrollable for some peopleit is kind of wierd fitting in the pocket.great product!
i bought the plantronic voyager 520 headset for my husband as a gift.  he loves it.  the sound quality is great.
this product is easy to use, extremely comfortable and works great with my iphone 4! it was inexpensive, too! i plan to purchase one for all of my family members!
works great with my i phone  no problem sinking up. make sure to follow the directions on plantronics insert  long battery life  quiet. great buy!
works exactly as i had hoped, i do about 4 to 5 thousand minutes per month and needed a headset had would last a long time and this one does the job
he loves this bluetooth. the docking charger is a great feature instead of some corded charged laying around looking like all the other chargers around the house. the is a wonderful bluetooth.
great product  clear comfortable!i had tried several different types of devices and this is the only one to exceed my expectations.
great product. lightweight so barely even feel the headset.  the sound is clear.  i am very happy with this headset.
since nothing fits securely in my ear this bluetooth device works exactly the way i want it. easy to connect and easy to use and very sturdy.
of the inexpensive bluetooth earpieces, this one can't be beat for comfort, ease of use and simple operation. good battery lfe and great clarity.
these are light wieght and pairing is easy to do.  the earpieces sound pretty good, so i ordered a few more.
this is the 2nd of this type my husband has had   he broke the first one. he loves it because it doesn't pick up all the noise around him when he is on the phone.
my plantronics bluetooth headset is great and enables me to keep in touch without endangering myself while driving. love it.
excellent reliable bluetooth headset with hours of battery life.  fits my ear perfectly. only drawback is that the rubber earpiece deteriorates after a year of wearing it. but it's still an excellent value
this product was shipped and arrived earlier than expected. packaging was great and the accessories and charger were included directly from the manufacturer.
i really enjoy using this, it works well, and the battery life is great. has a considerable range, and the sound quality is good, too.
this is a great product. it's so comfortable to wear that i forget i have it on. voices are clear and no one knows i'm wearing a headset. i like this better than my motorola that it replaced.
love it. great fit inside the ear. easy functions, great connectability. sounds quality is the best i've seen out there.
this was a simple replacement for the one i broke.  it's nice to be "back".
works great!  i have had several bluetooths, but i love this one.  i needed one that would work with two phones, and this one does.  it is well worth the money.
very good voice quality which is the most important for a blue tooth headset. i got it on time and the price was really good for the quality.
i work in the utility industry. alot of hands on work. this device allows me to except an incoming call while continuing my task! no problems with interference from th high voltage static that i'm around.
i couldn't ask for more.the product was on my doorstep in like 3 4 days,way before the promised date.i'm pleased with the quality of the voyager and greatly appreciate it.thank you again !!!michael b.mckinney
i have gone through a few of these because my work takes its toll on my equipment. i like it and am getting ready to buy another today. i hope they don't quit making them
works great with my husband's pda. unlike other headsets we had, it does not fall off your ear.
i am very satisfied with this product it works properly. i also received it on time. i would recommend it to others.
i got the bluetooth as a christmas gift for my mom and she loves it. no problems so far. i'm very happy with my purchase.
it took awhile to get here but we really like it.  very comfortable to wear for long periods.  we drive in to see friends (about a 2 hr. drive) and haven't missed any calls, yet.like the home base feature and already had a car charger from previous plantronics.
this is a very very good headset, good sound and battery life.  easy to pair to my lg phone.
plantronics voyager 520 bluetooth headset (black)it's a light weight,easy to use with clear voice quality. manual provided with the product is real explanatory.i'm enjoying the use of the above product.
this bluetooth has great sound and fits nicely. the controls work great for volume and hands free calling. good buy!
love it.  tried another model when i lost my 520 and took it back to buy another 520
excellent product at an amazing price.  works as advertised.  highly recommended.  it is a def. 5 start from me.  enjoy.
voyager 520 is an excellent headset. pairing is so easy. it is lightweight. you don't even realize that it's in your ear. volume is high. you can hear people even in crowded or noisy places. battery is long life. i can't find any negatives about the product.
outstanding omg when i received my bluetooth i immediately put it on facebook i was so pleased it. came early
i've had it for a couple years, now.  it remains dependable.  it can go about 3 days on a charge still.  i do free lance tech work, so i'm on the phone constantly.  it's wonderful to have a clear solid hands free device.
i recommend the product and the seller, works very well, one of the main functionalities is the multipoint options, i will have two different phones working at the same time with this bluetooth
no worries with this bluetooth headset.  it worked great right out of the box with clear instructions and simple set up.
good product, i had one before and it lasted about 2 years. i can hear and be herd clearly. the only thing is that it doesn't ring loud when receiving calls. maybe cause i like to hear loud music and i can never tell when someone is calling me.
this item came as promised and works great,even with the reasonable price point!  it's a great product! thanks amazon!!
don't buy into those other reviews, this headset is the best.  far superior to motorola.  great sound and easy controls.
it feels great to be able to hear again on my headset.  my only complaint is the loose fit over the ear.
i really love this bluetooth pairs easily and works great.i work around heavy machinery and cancels out noise very well.
plantronics are by far the best bluetooth headsets and are really comfortable around your ear.the volume is more than needed.
i have bought two of these bluetooth headsets as gifts for family members.  they actually sound better than the phones.  both of them are quite pleased.
i've owned 2 3 motorola headsets, and i'm convinced this plantronics 520 beats anything made by motorola. can't say how it stacks up against a jawbone, but i can't imagine anything working better than this little gem!buy it! you won't regret it!
i've owned one of these for two years and it's still ticking, and this was one of amazon's lightning deals, so i bought a backup because sooner or later my original will give up the ghost. my last plantronics bluetooth lasted three years! great product.
great blue tooth product.  connects easily to my portable device and i now use it with the play station now.
clear transmission & reception, shields some background noise, long charge life, comfortable to wear for extended periods of time.  overall a very good value.
there was not enough information in the presentation of the bluetooth that lead me to purchase a  charger that was already included in the bluetooth package.
light, clear sound quality,i have it paired with with 2 phones from 2 different networks i can switch between phones with just that 1 button amazing.i would recommend this to anyone.you don't even know its on you ear when you are wearing it it is very comfortable.
headset was easy to connect to my samsung blackjack ii. it is lightweight and comfortable. sound quality is great. no complaints of callers not hearing me or me having trouble hearing them either. not the smallest headset on the market but for the price, is an excellent headset!
wit all the laws coming regarding the use of cell phones while driving this unit is worth it considering all the fines you would pay.
i read the reviews and found this to be described as an excellent bluetooth device.which is exactly what it is.  no regrets.
this headset is very comfortable to wear.  i work in construction and it performs well in noisy and windy environments.  i am very pleased with the performance and comfort and highly recommend it.
durable and reliable. i had one and decided to uy another one as a backup. handsfree device is a great product. highly recommeded!!!
extremely easy to use. easy to set up. easy to pair two devices. sound quality excellent. noise cancellation good. i am buying another one for my 82 year old mother. one of the few electronic devices simple enough for her to use. recommend for anyone.
i'm not one to go back and review items i've bought, but i love this bluetooth headset.  i have purchased bad ones it the past but this one is so simple hook up to your cell phone, and so easy and intuitive to use.  highly recommend it.
i purchsed this bluetooth to replace my old one that got damaged in the rain. i found this bluetooth very comfortable to wear and i am very pleased with the purchase.
comfortable   i wear this all day.  clear   i work in a noisy and windy environment and this is the best performer yet.  long lasting battery.  easy controls.  i had one before but lost it so i bought another.
great bluetooth for the money. the volume is excellant. considering i have a slight hearing problem. the battery lasts longer than my other bluetooths very comfortable in your ear. you don't even know your wearing it.
when i originally bought this it had static. i contacted the seller who responded right away. anyway, it was because i didn't pair it correctly. my fault. the device works great and the seller was very helpful.
it works very well with a different kind os stuffs. i use it with my cell phone and with my notebook. nice product, recommended.
they did a really good job for me.  i could not be happier. the only way a store could have done any better is i could have had it right then at a much higher cost.  give them a try i am glad i did!
i had one for about seven years and love it, so when broke i went to amazon like i do for everything when i need something new or replaced.
other bluetooth earpieces were not loud enough to rise over the noise in my car, while driving; the plantronics voager 520 was loud enough. the battery usually lasts long enough to charge it only once a week.
plantronics bluetooth headset voyager 520this is a great buy.  the blue ant might be somewhat better, but for the money, this rocks.  i can hear my callers fine, and they can't tell i'm using one.
good performance. no negatives yet. nice voice clarity and excellent standby time. i am totally satisfied with this product
this bluetooth was very easy to set up,so far i have not had any problems with it.it fits very nicely in my ear and i can hear perfectly from it
quality product that performs as advertised. i am very satisfied and will look to get other plantronics products in the future.
bluetooth works great.my boyfriend loves using it at work and in the car. the size is perfect, the sound is great, and the price is affordable. thanks!!
i do a lot of driving with the window open and everyone can hear me. i bought another one for my wife.
this is a great little device for the money.  the battery life is outstanding and it always hooks to my phone easily.
using it for last 6 months.no issues, working good.voice clarity is good. battery life is also acceptable.value for money item
i have tried at least four possibly five bluetooth headsets and this one is the best by far.  i can hear people very clearly and those on the other end say the same thing.  i am set  no more shopping for bluetooths (finally).
for a very reasonable price, i received a product that works exceptionally well.  i am very pleased with how it works and what i payed for it.
luv luv luv this.great price point. even though i've only had it for a couple weeks, all has been good thus far. as long as it continues to work this good, i would recommend to anyone and am actually going to order one for my husband!
bought it after reading  many great reviews. it feels comfortable and so far reliable.
charger in the house is easy to use.  the device itself is easy to use with my iphone.  i have clear sound with it and others seem to be able to hear me clearly as well.
have purchased numerous of these units, works great with the samsung galaxy s4 and s3 units. good packaging as well.
it is the best.this is what u call real bluetooth. i love it.can't feel that it's hanging in your ears.so light and clear sound.just buy it.
it works amazing. we bought 4 of them for the office and it has great sound and works amazingly well.
the sound quality is great. i can wear it all day without any discomfort. and finally it didn't cost and arm and a leg for something of this quality.
it sits so comfortably in my ear i often forget i'm wearing it. clear sound both ways and good battery life. it's not too big or too small and it isn't ugly!
so far it works great.  it was one of the recommended bluetooth devices on comsumersearch[.].  for my usage this was the best value since i primarily use it only when i am in the car so not much other ambient problems to consider other than car noise.
this bluetooth is the only one i have found that will stay on my ear and snug at the ear canal.  my immediate family also uses the same type and they too love it.
most comfortable bluetooth to wear; it pairs easily, noise cancellation is average.  overall, this is a very good unit and would recommend to everyone.
i am very happy not only with the great service giving by amazon but also the price was right.and it even came earlier then expected. the blue tooth is brand new and works up to max. i highly recommend amazon and this blue tooth
very pleased with the plantronics voyager 520.  it was so easy to set up and the sound quality is great!would highly recommend this to others.
it works in most circumstances; occasional static or break up when in areas without strong signals; the fit is good and it doesn't dislodge easily like my previous motorola which fell off my ear without my realizing it at the seatac airport. great product! i recommend it highly.
i have not used bt device in 3 years. i could never find a comfortable one for my ears. this is the one and i am very happy with this purchase.
very comfortable and has a great range. i'm happy i bought this as my first bluetooth!
this is my third bluetooth and the first one to work well.  it also helps that the headset itself has a nice docking device with it
a little big for some, but i find it extremely comfortable (i don't know it's on.)great battery life and sound quality. i bought an extra in case they're discontinued.
the quality is great. people hear me talk clearly, i hear them clearly. it is very comfortable to wear and you even couldn't feel it is there.
fits very well, not too tight not too loss.  i can wear all day go up and down ladder.  the sound is clear, people on the other end can't tell i am on wireless headset.
the headset is stylish and light.  the sound quality is tremendous.  and it works with both my blackberry and my motorola at once, which was a key buying point.  and it is much smaller and less cyborg looking than my husband's voyager 510!
ok
very cool for the price and original samsung! i have read reviews that say they are not but mine showed up as samsung parts!
it does what i expected it to do charge! no complaints here at all. good product. i am well pleased with the charger.
will buy again if needed. great product. came in earlier than stated. recommend to everyone needing a new charging cable
i needed a couple of extra cables for charging my devices (android phone, kindle, etc). no issues, great price.  these are replacement usb cables, nothing complicated here.
good of you are a large traveller, easy to use with your laptop of with your car music system has usb input.
lode a cord, can't power up, don't want to pay the high price from      to replace it? this is the way to get reconnected and fast.
no problems with the cable, it worked as well as the stock samsung oem cable.  so i have no qualms saying this cable is perfect for most users in terms of getting a microusb cable to recharge their samsung phones.
seriously.  its under  $2;it charges and transfer data for samsung as it should ;and it ships fast. what else do you want?recommended!
the data cable works as expected. good quality materials, even connects properly to the samsung galaxy s2  att version with the cover back on.
works for my s3 great. charges and transfers files with no issues. pretty long, too. the factory cord that comes with other samsung phones. worth the purchase.
it nice am using it with my pc to charge my phone. great job keep up guys and the load will help you.
can't beat the price.  using it to charge my galaxy s2 right now.  nice and short cable so it doesn't clutter my desk at work.
these are oem samsung cable and work well with the m910 intercept.the fosmon cables from another amazon supplier don't work at all.
did exactly what i needed. problem i had with other cables is that it would drop my connection during a transfer. this works just like the one that came w/ my samsung galaxy nexus.
this was a perfect replacement for one that had broken. it worked just like the factory original and was very good quality. and inexpensive!
this cable works just as well as the one comes with my at&t samsung galaxy s2. what else one can ask for?
my one and only complaint is that the cord is shorter than my original charging cable which is something i suspected when i ordered/something i can live with. great cheap price! =]~samsung intercept
these guys have always been reliable and i am so glad i can get them for such a great price. i've bought four or so already so that we can have them wherever we need to!
it does exactly what i need it to do.  it's a little shorter than i anticipated but does the job.
works very well. you can never have too few micro usb cables, and samsung is a good brand usually. worked with my htc and dad's nokia phone.
2 cables, brand new, exactly as described. get's the job done. i have one in my car and one in my room, great for charging at home or on the go. recommend
i love being able to transfer my phone charger to the wall, to the car, and to the computer. really nice to have. easy to transport stuff from your phone to your computer.
exactly what i wanted. it was about half as long as my other cables, which was much better than the excess cable always in the way. i would highly recommend this product.
great price. works as advertised. good length. it is great that the cell phone industry has standardized on the micro usb interface.
i bought this cable to keep at work as a spare, incase my phone died and i needed to charge it.  it works perfectly and is an ok length.
i got several of these.  nice and thick high quality cables.  no problem charging anything with these.  if you need good cables for cheap, get these.
i like it, the cord works.  it allows me to charge my phone using my laptop and i can transfer and edit files back and forth between my phone and my laptop.
is a great replacement charger for the samsung smart phone.  very reliable.  if you think you're having phone charging issues, replace the charger cable before you try to fix the phone.
is very good, and is  working fine,  i would buy more of these and i would tell people to buy
item is exactly as described, arrived on time and was reasonable priced.  i got it to replace my old charger which was the original from 3 years ago, so i know it will hold up well, unlike other generic ones.
i wasn't sure if this was going to be a good product since it was so cheap. it is fabulous!!!! i got it very quickly and it works great.
no problems, works fine with all my devises that charge with the mini usb cords.i would purchase this again.
the product was great. someone said the chord was short but i didn't find it to be so. great quality, i ordered 3 and am satisfied with all of them.
there's not much to say. it arrived on time, in good condition and works. no problem with it so far after about 1 month of use.
these are great replacement usb phone charge cables. being in a house with 4 daughters who seem to loose there cables, this was a cheap alternative to keep them powered up. i never had one of these cables fail.
this cable seems to be the same as the one i received when i bought my samsung infuse. i have had no problems with it using it with the wall plug adapter and the 12 v automobile adapter and my infuse battery charges as expected.
we needed the additional charge cable and this one worked as described. it is rather short so make sure it will serve your needs. i eventually had to use it plugged into the laptop because it was too short to run from the wall connector.
works as advertized. i spent more time writing the review than spent using the tool. i would buy it again if i lose this one. also works on other products (tablets)
works great.  just what i needed.  shipped promptly. now i can use my phone without my battery running down.thx
charges and syncs with both of my lg cell phones which use micro usb connections.  this is a nice inexpensive way to charge my phones off of my work computer and using any other usb charger.
i had no problems with this working for my phone, a samsung captivate! && the price couldnt be better! i would reccomend this to my friends!
bought this to go with a car charger. worked fine. no complaints. very cheap price, arrived when expected to arrive.
this cord arrived quickly and works well.  please note it is only 30" long and didn't work well in my car so i switched it out with the one at the house, but other than that i really like it.
its just a cable they can't make anything wrong with itit was just like the original cable that i received when i first bought my phone :d
it works well for my samsung galaxy sky rocket phone. good quality for the price. these types of chargers are way to expensive in stores.
just what i needed and for a good price. also carry power and signal. i had some that were charging only.
the cable feels cheaper than i thought it would, but for the price you can't really complain. i'm using it for my portable hard drive, also works great for a phone charger.
it works exactly as expected, which is excellent for a bargain cable. experience has shown me that bargain cables may or may not function, this one seems to be a winner.
transmission quality is very good, no any problems, completely agree with my kindle!and very cheap,what still can ask,i like it
bought this because the end of my adapter was broken.  it was a perfect match and i was able to take care of the problem in an inexpensive way!
this ubs cord, when hooked up to your computer, lets you download/transfer files to your phone. it also charges well   it's not as fast as the one that comes with your phone, but it is decent. decent product for the price.
after reading some of the other reviews, i was a bit skeptical about this product. however, when i plugged the cable into my computer, it worked like a charm! i highly recommend this usb cable.
arrived well within time and a good spare cable to carry along during trips. the cable looks the same as the one i had for a samsung windows phone, so it is well worth the price.
bought 2 of these to charge my cell phone off my computers at home and at work. they were delivered well before the due date. both work perfectly. i would definately buy again.
this cable works as advertise at a fraction of the price of a factory cable.  it charges the cell phone as it supposed to do.  could not be any happier with the purchase.
but who would'nt want and extra micro usb cord for only $1.05?!?  works well and i'm glad i got it.  and it arrived days before the early estimate.
i got my order on time and i am very satisfied with it. keep up the good work guys.therefore iam happy
just like the oem cable.simple, tough, cheap.buy six of them, like i did.  have one in the car, one at work, one at home. for each phone.
is ok, fast, good, is all ok, i like this device because in the ofice always need rechard my cel
these worked great, the cord was long and now i have extra ones all over the house so i can charge anywhere.   i recommend this product!!
bought it to use with my galaxy s2, works perfectly, no complaints.  it came in plastic, and i have two. good stuff.
i bought this to plug my phone into the usb adapter in my car for my samsung infuse, works great, no issues.
it charges my samsung galaxy s 4g perfectly. it's not as long at the cord that came with the phone but it gets the job done. no complains
if you need an extra gable charger for your car, work or just lost the original cable this is the place to get one.i received sooner then expect. which was sweet. and it fix my samsung fascinate.
i got what i expected very quickly.  i was happy with the quality of the cable which matches that of the cable that came with my phone.  overall, a good experience.
it's a little short but its my spare charger for work. you can't beat it for the price. i have no issues with it at all, charges my fascinate w/ no issues. highly recommend it.
i ordered this product for my friend who had lost his. it arrived 16 days sooner then it was scheduled to in a well made little shipping package and he says it works perfectly.for just under $3 if you've lost yours, you can't go wrong w/ this buy.
got this as a replacement for my husbands original charger for his samsung galaxy s and it worked just as good as the original.
it's a genuine samsung usb cable. it's cheap and it works. as it's a standard usb, it will work with any other cell phone or device that uses microusb for charging or data transfer.
oem cable. maybe 24 inches long.  thin profile head so that the slider action works on the phone.
does what it is supposed to. my nexus one charges and reads with the cable, what else would i need it to do? maybe if it would make coffee in the morning.
this outterbox arrived on time and was in the best shape ever!! brand new in the box plus you get a screen protector!! i love it!!!!
this product is so worth the purchase.  i needed  usb to be able to charge my phone at work. no problems & i've had it for a while.
bought 2 of these.they work just fine, both for charging and for data on my samsung gs4 and my wife's lumia 920.
i initially purchased this cable, and got excellent and timely service.  but, the cable didn't work.  after contacting the merchant and explaining my problem, i was immediately sent a replacement that work flawlessly.  they even followed up to be sure everything was working well.
bought this item to replace bad hp touchpad cord based on other reviews.  i give it a total thumbs up.  it works perfectly and was less expensive than hp!
these cables work like the original but have a slightly shorter length which should be disclosed in the item listing.
this charger arrived in about a week and it charged my samsung galaxy nexus and also my samsung galaxy s3 with no problems. i did not see that it charged any faster or slower than any other usb cord would.
it just a usb chord for your phone. it fits good. and is long enough. works fine for me. get it
regular cable, nothing special. it's long enough (sorry, i didn't measure) to have my laptop on my desk and have the phone plugged in and on my bed a couple feet away.
it's the original samsung cord, it works.  that's about all you need to know and be concerned about.in order to meet the minimum word count, i will also say that the black is very slimming and does a good job of making the cord look sexy.
if you need an extra usb cable (or two or three or so) for the places where you tend to charge your android phone, this is where you need to get it.  it is amazingly inexpensive, and good quality.  can't beat it.
my dog chewed my phone charger cord, and i needed a cheap replacement fast! five stars because it does exactly what it's supposed to and is cheap! worth every penny! i would recommend 100%. oh, and it came fast!!
this cable is perfect.it does it all, is durable, thin, and long, all while being amazingly cheap.i ordered several of these for all the devices i own.
it works good , i have been needing a new cable for my phone. it is hard to find a cable that works with samsung
great oem charger cable. item is as described. great price and shipped quickly. not in original packaging but seems brand new.
can't complain at all.cord came in timely manner, packaged sensibly, and product pictured was exactly what i received.worked flawlessly out of the box for charge and data use.may be buying more in the future, can't ever seem to have enough of these.
product met all expectations unlike another vendor.blah, blah, blah (is that 20 yet) blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
item is exactly as described and pictured. it works great with my samsung vibrant.  i've used it as a data cable to the computer as well as a simple charging cable.  works great.
great deal and exactly what i was looking for when selling my nexus s phone but wanted to sell it with the original power cable.
its identical to the one that came with my phone. works just like it should. i take this one with me when i travel and it has yet to break after months of abuse.
works, i use every 2 or 3 days to charge my phone, no issues. price was great less than 3 us dollars for something that could have cost 10, 15 or more dollars from a local store.
great deal! works perfect charges very fast. great product great prices will come back! for other items. will recommended to others.
excellent extra cable that does the job as intended.  have not experienced any issues with this item at all.  recommended
this looks and works exactly like the original cable that came with my galaxy. it was nicely twist tied and packaged.
i thought the cord would be longer but it works u guys need to let the customer how long the cord before the end up buying it but it works though
works. slightly different than the one pictured (which looks identical to one i got with an old htc charger) as it's thicker. but works great!
i use the samsung microusb/usb as both a charger for my phone and to transfer data from my acer iconia a500 tablet to my pc and it works great.
these were really cheap and just what we wanted.  we have 3 phones and a kindle fire that take these cables, andthey came right on time in great condition.
works perfect with my samsung gs3! good quality, exactly as pictured.also works with synching to my computervery happy
its longer than my old origanal cable and i love this product fits all modern phones even if there not samsung just check if your phone is a (micro usb)
we bought these to keep in our travel bags.  if we forget our phone chargers we can always find a computer with a usb port to use.
this usb cable is perfect for my samsung infuse.  other micro usb cables that were used in the past cause the phone to not take any input.  cable is shorter than the original cables, but i wanted to be shorter since the original cables were too long.
just needed a replacement cable this one was great fit perfect havent had any problems with it i recommend it.
he was going to spend $15 on these until i told him i would order for a few bucks and he likes the price and the quality.
these are actually oem!!! i purchased a bunch of them and they were quick and great! i use them all the time. unfortunatly some friends saw them so i dont have as many as i had! lol! thank you for the right product at a great price!
bought it to transfer music to my galaxy nexus phone. it worked great. i always wish these cables were 12&#34; longer though, but it is long enough to do the job (that's what she said).
the cable is shorter than the original that came with my fascinate but they work and the price is great.
product shipped on time. it is exactly the cable that is needed to charge my samsung s3. i bought a few of them because they tend to break, but for the price that is fine.
shipping was super fast. i received my item way before the estimated delivery dates. item works as it should and was a good price.
while the cable does not look like the photo it is a micro usb cable and both syncs and charges all my electronics that use micro usb.
it works very well. compatible with any usb plug. i have no problems. only complaint is that it is the wire is too short.
i had use this cable for a lg touch rumor and a palm pixi plus. it works for both of them for data transfer with the pc.
bought this usb cable to charge my tmobile samsung galaxy s 4g and works great. arrived very quickly, in one piece and with no issues. would recommend!! waaaaaay cheaper then going directly with cell phone provider.
this was exactly what i was expecting. i ordered two because it was such a great value! these are a great replacement or substitution for anyone who loses theirs or breaks it. great value!
my main reason for buying this was the length, price & you can never have too many of these around.
this cable does what it it needs to do to keep my phone.charged or attach to my pc. its also quite inexpensive.
this cord is great to have around as a back up. does what it is supposed to. but it is just the cord, so it's good to keep with your pc/laptop.
shipping came in quicker then i thought it would. product works good and would recommend this item on a samsung galaxy.
the charging function, as well as the data transfer function both work very well. also, it fits into my at&t car charger and is long enough for that to matter.
works perfect great for the price! i use with samsung infuse. fast shipping. i ordered several of them and use in office car etc.
this cable works perfectly for the samsung captivate.  due to the recessed micro usb connection in the captivate, the end of the micro usb cable has to be small enough to fit, so many cables will not work, but this one does.
it works great. i usually use at work. so i keep here at my work. i ove it!thank you
what can i say about a piece of wire except it works great. the length is long enough and it's not as stiff as the origional data wire.
i bought two so i have one at home and at work phones always charged ;)it makes life so much easier
bought this cable to go with my new samsung infuse. price was excellent, arrived quickly, and works just like i wanted. planning to order another soon.
the item wasn't like the picture and isn't made by samsung which is fine with me because my last two samsung made cords crapped out. this cord works just fine like any micro usb cord should.cheap, works, enough said.
cords received on time. sturdy and strong. wont bend or rip easily. would order again if needed. fits phone perfectly.
after the seller contacted me and helped me . this product was awesome . i love it . this seller cares about the reviews of their product and will go out of their way to help.!
use it for my galaxy s2 and no problems here. it works how it would with a normal charger cable
i purchased this cable to charge my motorola droid pro, and it works great with a usb brick that i use for my other phones.
has the same micro usb as the original from samsung. i have purchased others which have a larger plug that is difficult to insert when using a phone cover.
i love this item! very much a life saver! it did take 2 weeks to receive but the wait was worth it!
this is great cable, it's function as it suppose to. best of all, the pricing is right. thanks for not trying to rip me of, so now i can have enough of them to put around my house.
i've purchased several of these and they've worked perfectly. it has been nice having extra charging cords wherever i'd like to have them (home, office, car, etc) so i don't have to carry them around. these have worked perfectly and the price is great!
it's a cheap product, however, it's only $2 so i can't really complain. other than that the cable works fine and is a good buy.
this product works great for what i needed. just know that this cord isn't extremely long. if i had to guess i would say it's about 2 2.5 feet in length. free shipping made this a great deal!
i love it when i pay almost nothing and get what's promised.  i ordered two of these cables, they work for charging my samsung galaxy prevail phone.  great cables, at a great price!
works great and is cheap.  there's three of them.  they are the same quality as the oem, that came with your phone.
works perfectly with my verizon galaxy nexus. syncs data perfectly. charges perfectly as ac with the samsung wall charger that came with the phone and in my truck perfectly as ac with my griffin powerjolt dual universal usb micro.great price and super fast shipping. perfectly perfect.  
i got this micro usb cable for my lg phone. works great, not generic, it's an actual samsung cable. highly recommend if you need one. thanks
i bought two of these chargers.  one to keep in my car and one as a replacement for the stock charger that broke.  both work like they're supposed to and are a great convenience.  thanks!
perfect, and for the price was a great buy!! don't buy from your cell phone store and get ripped off, but this one online. just as good.
this is a great length for my kindle to hook up to the computer.what a deal and free delivery.
works well, looks good, happy with uniform black color of the cable. easily bends , not bulky, unlike some other usb cable that i have used.
i purchased this to work with my waterproof case. its the first replacement cord that works with it.im very sastified with this product
as long as you can deal with some shipping time than this is what you need, it does the job and is dirt cheap.
these are far cheaper then any store around and work just as good.  great replacements or add ons.  i have one for everywhere i am, cars, office and so on.
.on the other hand, when you have too many and / or they no longer serve a purpose, you must decide which is which and toss the old ones to leave space for the new ones you do indeed need&#62;  enjoy
works perfectly. purchased this for my parents after they had lost their phone charger. they have found no problems with it yet. it is a bit short, but it is the normal length of most charger cords nowadays.
works perfectly. just like the one out of the box for my new cell phone (epic 4g), which i lost within two days. works perfectly normal. great deal.
i bought this samsung replacement usb data charging cable for samsung sph m330 for my phone and it was a great buy
i purchased this to have an extra charging cable. i leave one at work and the other at home. would recommend this to anyone.
like the one that comes with my galaxy s2 skyrocket. works perfectly, just know it's pretty short foot and half maybe. 5 stars
it took about 3 weeks to come over from asia, but to pay $2 for something that sells for $10   $20 at the mall.  i cannot complain.
this was a while ago , but it is good. worth the buy. i like to have extras on hand
works really well. because of the unsymmetrical shape it's easy to plug it in correctly. fits tight even over time.
nothing really crazy to say, typical micro usb to usb cables. both connectors are firm and solid. plug right in and stay in
recommend it for car or laptops.its short so dont recommend for wallchargers, but perfect for computers and cars
very well designed and top quality construction.  the cord is extra heavy to resist tangling.  connectors are well designed to resist pinching and early failure of the cord.  tactile grip is easy to distinguish orientation for insertion in the dark.
these are great cables. work great with my samsung galaxy s 4g. the cables were the same size as the original. $5.46 for 3 cables. look like original samsung cables.
works great with my galaxy s3. charge rate is like the original cable. no complaints. i only used it for a short time but the quality looks better than many other cables i had before. highly recommended.
i originally bought this for something important but for the life of me, i can&#34;t remember what for. well built though . get one
not much to say. its sturdy and it works well. it's a good product for a reasonable price. if i needed to i would purchase another one.
what can you say! its original and works as mentioned. good quality cable. its only 3ft long and that's what i wanted. if you need longer ones check somewhere else.
have ordered about 10 of these to use with mine and my wife's captivate phones (spares, one to keep at work, one for wifes car, and so on). can't beat the price and they've all worked perfectly.
nice fit to my phone were my other chargers were loose fitting and you had to wiggle to cord to get it to charge.
it works perfectly with my phone no problems. need to order more. one for trips,one for office convenient and affordable.
i love the fact that i have an extra cord so i can have one charger for traveling and one for my house. this cord helped out s much.
i purchased 2 of these to keep in our vehicle for my wife and i to use with anelago dual usb auto charger for iphone 4/3g/3gs, verizon iphone 4 and other device with usb port. ultimately pretty dissapointed with the charger, but the cables are great.
.it is a fraction of a fraction of what you would pay at best buy or a phone store!!  you can buy 100 of these, and half of them not work, and you are still ahead of buying one at best buy!!
always good to have an extra usb data cable.  this is the only one that works with my computer and charges not only uses as a data cable.
my other cord for my phone broke, and wouldn't charge the phone, so i needed a quick replacement.  this was cheap and easy.  i have had no problems with this cord.  it has lasted longer than the one that came with the phone.
this product is very cheap, and works just like it should. cord has not broke yet, i have been using it for months. it cost about a third of what wal mart wants, and its the official product, not a knockoff.
great replacement cord for samsung galaxy s3. i lost my original very soon after getting it and found this one on amazon. it works great. i am very happy with it.
cable works great and seems to be of high quality for the price.  the price was fantastic with shipping.  the only downfall if that is one is the length of the cable. my original cable is 5 ft. where this on is about 2 feet long.
still works after 2 monthsworth the $2 i bought it for.get this if u need it, good value
worked / fit like a charm.  couldn't ask for more.  well molded plastic, with none of the razor seams that some of the inexpensive cables can have.
this cable i got for my galaxy s is amazing. it is so much longer than the original and for the amazing price how could i turn it down.
original samsung product with samsung markings.  works with our sprint samsung galaxy sph d700 and sph d710 phones.  much better price than the springt store.
i own a samsung infuse and i wanted a micro usb as a back up "charger" while i'm at the office.  i purchased this at a steal and the seller shipped right away!
the item arrive the next day though i did not request it.  it fit my epic 4g perfectly and works for both synchronization and data transfer modes.  it fits smoothly and snug into the phone and is of good quality.  exactly what i was hoping for.
considering i try my best to always oem parts, i wasn't surprised at the quality.removed old keyboard, replaced new keyboard in under 1 minute.has the same feel as originally installed keyboard.i'll be ordering another just for a backup.
does what i needed. no issues. still have it and use it occasionally for my various devices. i would recommend it.
this is the exact match to the phone. we are extremely happy with both the product and the inexpensive price.
cord appears to be oem. u2/apcbu10bbe designation on usb connector. charging my phone with no problems. very satisfied! says it's not meant for a galaxy s(sch 500), but seems to be the the same as my oem cord. no complaints.
works well with my samsung phone. i woyld purchase this again. it worked really well with my charger and synced my filws well on my phone. thanks guys.
great inexpensive micro usb cable that i can use for a back up.  length is decent but i wish is was longer.
this phone cable is just as discribed and like the one that came with my phone. the cables could be a little longer but im not complaining.
cheap and works really good! you just have to wait 2 weeks. but its ok, patience is a virtue!! lol!!
this cable looked the same as the one pictured. i thought it was going to be some unnecessarily chunky cable but it wasn't.
can't tell it apart from the cable my phone originally came with. it works plain and simple. i ordered 2. leave one in the car for the charger and the other one with my hdmi adapter for my phone.
the game buys a grey cup of america in the tractor trailer for the same street journal reported that help
they work well and as describedtried some of the &#34;less expensive&#34; cables and they wreaked my phone's batterythese work just finenot problems at allthey do take a while to ship from overseas though
i bought this to replace my original charging cable for my samsung phone. this one does a great job of transferring data from my phone to my computer and vice versa.
for the price, i can't see how it can go wrong. works right out the package. will recommend to anyone.
perfect fit for my samsung captivate phone.  now i can charge at work and at home.
it's a usb cable. it works. i plug it into the wall and then plug it into my phone and it works.
i still had the 110 vac to usb adapter, but couldn't find the cord. this purchase from amazon met my need.
was very nice and obviously a legit oem which is always a good thing worked perfectly but even more important fit perfectly and wasnt constantly falling out which can be frustrating (&#60;     thats what she said (lol) )
this product came in the mail damaged and they shipped out a new product right away no questions asked. love good customer service.
this is exactly what i want. thank you so much. but the length of the wire seems a little short
it work on i still used it all the time yea of course. i love it all the time so
just the right cable!well, you never love a cable of course, but the good thing is there is nothing to hate with that cable.yes, just the right cable!
it work fine the charging is not as fast as i thought it would be but i am good, just glad it work thank you
this product was delivered exactly as described.  it works perfect and i have already ordered more to use around the office.
i was surprised how well built this cable is, it's a bit short but it really doesn't matter it gets the job done. i bought two and i'm loving both of them truly a great product for a such a reasonable price.
this is an exact oem replacement.  no complaints and it's durable.  do not hesitate to buy if you need it.
this is the official usb cable of samsung, it is very cheap but very usefull! you should consider buy this official product if you need another cable to charge your phone, in the car, traveling.
the fit samsungs with narrow openings in the case, where many initation products will not.
works like you expect, and for this price, i bought like 5   one for my car, office, den computer, charger, etc.
this is a great cable i use is all the time however if i have to make a suggestion the cable could stand to be a bit longer
i use it at work everyday to keep my phone charged. no issues at all here! if you need a cable, buy it!
i like this cable as a replacement because it has a tapered shape on the end to plug into the phone. it lets me see by feel which is the top of the cable to assure getting it in the right direction when installing.
good job on the whole process. very easily done. the quality still remains to be seen because i haven't revived my device yet
i've tried other micro usb cables and they would charge but there was not data transfer.  i've learned my lesson, don't go cheap on the data cable for your phone.
i ordered 10 cables to keep around the house, work and my car.  all the cables i received work great for charging and data transfers.
cheap and works fine, what else can you ask of a usb cable, really.  here are six more words for this.
i bought this product because it was way cheaper than other cables out there. it does the job. i recommend it.
cable is abit short, but works as intended. it is about 2 3 feet long, works good as a car charging cable (need to buy additional usb car charger.) looks like the original samsung charging cable, only abit shorter.
item was sent 1st class mail and received in 2 days. it works on my nokia e5 phone for charging and downloading.
the cable arrived quickly and was exactly as represented.  i am completely satisfied with the service this vendor has provided.
very happy with this cable it works as it should and charges all of my samsung devices. i have used this on just about every galaxy i've owned.
cords are perfect. use them to develop on my android.cheap and works. cords are a tad short, but that's ok. just keep that in mind.
why pay more, this is a great little item for the price. go to best buy and see how much you've saved.shopping from the comfort of your home is the absolute best.
this cord was exactly what we needed for an extra cord. we use it on a samsung charge phone and it is just like the original.
i like it because if fits on the charger and the phone.  it is easily plugged in and i do not need to fuss with the fit.
works perfect and the cost wasn't much more than postage only.  i am a very happy customer and recomend this item without hesitation.
great price and works well.  my original charging cable stopped working and i decided to try this even though it was inexpensive.  it works great!
the cord is short, but the price is well worth the sacrifice of a short cord. hey it was only a couple of dollars.
i needed a cable to use in my car for a samsung galaxy s4 phone. this &#34;samsung replacement usb data charging cable for samsung sph m330, sch r100,.&#34; works. it will also replace a bad cable in the house if you have the little &#34;brick&#34; that plugs into the wall.
works well and arrived on time for my needs, however, it is a little shorter than i was expecting.  .
i saw some reviews about these being shoddy or breaking but i have not had any problems with them.  they pop up as soon as they are plugged into my pc for data transfer and charging.
this cable works great for charging and data transfers with my nook color as well as my lg optimus v cell phone.
i was kind of leery because of how cheap this was, but worked like a charm. does exactly what the original did.
great price great cord. i bought several and leave them all around, work, home, car, truck.work just fine. can't beat the price
this cable is an excellent replacement (or an extra one to keep on hand) for my smartphone's original cable. have tried another cable which caused screen problems. this one works for data transfers as well as charging via usb. just wished it were a bit longer
these replacement cables were exactly what i was looking for. i needed some for my android phone and i figured i get a few for my other family members. they came in great condition and in a timely manner. will do business again.
good stuff.  this cable works well.  there isn't too much to say about these cables except whether they work or not, and this one does.
this is just a cable, really. what can you really say about it except that it works. it charges my phone and transfers data.
i always buy a few of these at a time because my animals tend to chew on them.  they work fine and they are cheap.  what more can you ask for?
got this as a replacement for my samsung captivate, and it works exactly like the original cable. someone on here said theirs was only 30", but i just measured the one i got yesterday and it's around 58" long. it's definitely not shorter than the oem cable.
the cable is a little short but work for me  as now i carry it around with me instead the long one. that one stays at home. fits just like it should.
a $2 cable or a $20+ charger at local stores? easy choice.bundled with a outlet converter brought my total to a whopping $6.i am ordering two more so i am never without.
connected to my samsung captivate and it charges.  does what a charging cable is suppose to do.  have not tried to use it for data sync, but i am sure it will work for that also.
good product as a backup for other cables. good for charging and data transfer. always good to have some extra.
i am always looking for my cord so i bought this one at a very nice price and it works well.  i would recommend it but not sure i would use it all the time over night.
fits to my samsung galaxy s2 skyrocket perfectly. does the job very well and love this. inexpensive, just 1.5 feet long makes it easy to carry around and doesn't clutter with other wires.
this cable is great to replace the bad cable in hp touchpad charger.if you have problem with hp touchpad charger, it's the cable problem, not the charger itself.  buy this one, it will fix the problem.
all data cords are not the same, was worried this wouldn't work. but i got it on time & haven't had ant problems, it works for a charger & data connection. i have a samsung fasc&iacute;nate, but it also works on my boyfriends droid.
these were so cheap i was suspicious of the dud to working product ratio. so, i ordered 3. they all work & i have been using them happily for over a year now. they had different brand names, but all of them worked equally well  
works kind of short but works so no complaints here. it took a bit of time to arrive but if your not in a rush itll do just fine
its exactly what it says. good price for original equipment, fast shipping. great cable to have in the laptop bag and leave the house charger at home. cable charges the phone while hooked up to the laptop and you can also tranfer data by using the cable aswell. great buy!
it works great.  no problems.  it was a great value considering how much they cost in stores.  i have no complaints.
my cat loves to chew up all the wires around the house so this was a cheap replacement.  radio shack charges twice as much for a no name brand.
this cord is super long, which is very handy when charging it next to my laptop! it charges fairly quickly too!
replaced lost cord for my phone. good product for the money rather then spending the store costs. worked well for me
i broke my charger cable, and this was a great replacement.  i ended up buying two more as spares.  works great with my samsung galaxy s iii
besides having to wait a good while for the cords to come in, they work fine.  a little shorter than the cord that came with my htc sensation, but works perfect. recommended if your not in a big hurry for it to come in.
works like it is supposed to. always needing an extra cord for a charger around our house with 5 cell phones.
cable is a bit hard not as soft as the original samsung galaxy ii spring sph d710, but works fine. the connector is a bit tight as well, but it might get soft over time.
good cable   timely delivery! speedy processing  timely indeed phone needed charging   cable not at phone store and may need another cable for backup. thank you!
thick durable wire shieldind is durable, you can tell this cord is built to last a long time. at such a great price i purchased a few so i'll have one at work, home, and the car.
cable just as expected with a really nice price.  the cord is the regular plastic you would get with any other cable connector and does the job sufficiently.
my original cord split open and i was afraid i'd get shocked. i replaced it with this one, you can never have too many charging cords.
phone is now charging faster no problem.went through about 5 chargers but this brand works perfectly for my gs3 no complaints.bought 2.1 for back up
this cable has worked fine for charging and data everywhere i have tried it. the plug shape fits in recessed micro usb ports where bulkier plugs do not.
great exactly what i was looking for and in good condition love it fast delivery could not ask for more,this product was cheap and but it was worth it
this cable is very good in build quality and worked with data and charging as advertised. delivery was on time and quickly too. excellent value for the price you pay.
great purchase.  we are always running out of chargers and some of them just don't last but these are heavy and working great.
great oem charger.but wait, its is a data cable too, score!!!better than expected with data capabilities. i thought i was buying a charger only.
i love this cable because when i use it for mytouch4g, it is better than original mytouch4g charging cable because it doesn't move at all. very good cable!
just what i wanted and exactly what i got! took a little long to get to me, but it was so cheap i didn't care.
does exactly what its suppose to do. works plugged into your pc or to your usb charger. would have liked it to be longer.
samsung replacement usb data charging cablegot a half dozen of these, they're great, better than some of the oem usb cables i've seen. great stuff!!!
awesome product for the price. this looked exactly like my original samsung cable. i can recommend this for my friends.
but it is worth saying that this cable works more predictably than the cable that originally came with my phone, so if you're having trouble in this respect, this item is worth a look.
just as advertised and much cheaper than you can get at a store. free shipping is great as well. it would be nice if they listed how long the cords were, but i believe they are 2 or 3ft long.
the price was great, the cables appeared exactly as the oem cables that came with my samsung epic 4g. i have seen that other customers complained about the length of these replacement cables, i have not noticed that they are appreciatively shorter than my original cable.
i bought this cord for my phone, but it also works for my kindle. it's a long cord and it was cheap to buy.
good price, works great! came just as represented. would recommend. my phone charges.what else could i ask for? ok, i could ask for the winning lotto numbers, anyone?
as the title says.the cable i received is about 2 ft long?i just use it to charge my captivate beside my laptop at work and a 2nd one for the usb plug in my car.otherwise it works fine.
purchased cable through amazon because their service is excellant. i needed this cord right away to charge my battery to my samsung epic. the price was incrediablysmall. i also received by mail in 2 to 3 days. once again i consider amazon aleader in online service.
we bought a few of these to keep in the cars and at the computer so we don't have to take the cable from the wall charger. they work just as the original.
the item was exactly as desribed, and it was shipped quickly.  it was definetely a better deal than going to my cell provider. thank you!
great price,i'm really glad i bought it. i had been looking for a replacement for my samsung epic usb cable and this works great.
item was exactly what i need to charge my phone. the cord is a lil short but other then that works fine.
ordered three of them, between being the guy who is always losing cords or bending the ends of the cords, they come in handy at such a low price!
i needed an extra cord to be able to charge phone while i was at work.  it was great for cost and for what i needed.
great item. fast shipment. highly recommended. i would purchase again and again if i ever needed this particular item for sure.
worked perfect for charging and data transfers on my motorola droid x. some reviews said it was short, but mine measured 5 feet. can't beat it for the price.
cable was delivered promptly and is actually stronger than the original cable that came with the phone.  although it is a little shorter than the original cable this has proven to be no problem.
great product short but it is made aware in the selling ad. cables are thick and durable not like most you get.
i use it daily for charging my smartphone from the computer at work.it was a very reasonable price for the item.
i bought this item from cellular 5 star.  it's exactly the same one that came with my samsung smartphone. it works. it's a samsung brand cable at a very low cost.
like i did/do, these things are great. they are capable of syncing data no problem. definitely a steal. also they have nothing to do with samsung. its a micro usb, use it as you wish.
it's absolutely perfect for connecting my phone to the computer, or to hook into a usb charging adaptor in the car.  it's exactly like the one that came with my phone originally, except shorter.
product was an excellent purchase. my last usb cable broke and this replacement works excellently. would recommend to another consumer.
this usb data charging cable was for my blackberry and works just like it is supposed to! the connecting ends are made in a quality style.  they are not flimsy or cheaply made.  this was a good replacement for the original i lost.
i use these wires to use on hard drives otherwise charging phones its a little slower then normal but trickle charge no complaints.
the title said it all.  it was a perfect extra cable for charging and syncing my samsung focus for much, much cheaper than anywhere else.
samsung has kindly refrained from making multiple power cords for each device it makes. this one works on any samsung phone or blue tooth. having to figure out what cord to buy is one of the most annoying things for me, and i appreciate samsung greatly for simplifying this process.
exactly what the description said it would be. delivered fast. would definitely buy again. cord was short which is perfect for my computer hookup at work.
good length, good cord, nice and steady. like all samsung usb data charging cables that i have used, the microusb tip requires a little lift to get phones charging . still, it works!
no problems charging not cheaply made bought for a friend would for sure purchase more in the future for myself
they are shorter than i expected, but they work great.sorry this is requiring more words to finish this rate 
works perfectly for my samsung reclaim phone.  i could easily gets pictures/videos from my phone to my computer!  good product, great price.
a good micro usb cable. thanks to the head being shaped a bit different it works well for keeping track of it amongst all the other stuff one tends to have on their desk.
lost my charger and needed a replacement this one was cheap and works perfect. took a risk because other reviews werent so good but everything was as it was supposed to be.
i ordered two of these and they absolutely look genuine.  very secure plugs on both ends.  i'm going to order a few more as spares for different locations.
this is an excellent product.  it is durable and holds well against pulling.  this is oem.  very good quality.  the plug connector fits in very well with my t989 galaxy s2.  i highly recommend to anyone needing a cable like this.
recived cable one day late so worth the wait great value accessoryone u have a new loyal customer thank you  cable works great for charging and data transfer
i have had this cable for 2 years now and had no problems out of it.  would buy it again.
needed some spare cables after my dog ahold of the one from the factory.  these are about a third the price in brick&mortar stores and the same quality.  works great!
bought it for the car and it fills the bill for charging while traveling.  no more running out of charge with no place to charge the phone.
wow. for less then two dollars, i expected one of those third party cables. but i recieved an actual samsung cable. it works just as good as the original. i use this for my samsung galaxy s 4g from tmobile. it works great, price is cheap, couldn't ask for more.
it worked great on my sony android phone. and i kept it in my office as a back up charger.
i needed extra chargers for the kindles and samsung phones in my home. these are just perfect for my needs!
the right size on both ends.
this cord has not caused me any problems in the year+ i've owned it. there is no reason to look for a more expensive one.
i got this wire because my last one broke works just as well nothing wrong with it just way to short other then that not a bad purchase in my opinion
top quality material and connections.same as my original samsung cord that came with my phone.just less expensive!! very pleased with this purchase.
bought this cable to transfer data between computer and samsung character r640 phone.  the cost of the cable with shipping was next to nothing so there wasn't much to lose.  it arrived in 3 days and it works!!! can't ask for much more than that!
i use this item with my samsung fascinate. data transfers and usb charging function as expected. i would recommend this item.
i've got a bunch of these cables so i don't have to bring my charger everywhere. they work on my samsung galaxy s3 flawlessly.
i was a little concerned by the low price but after reading the reviews i ordered 5 and all 5 work for me.  i use them with several different usb devices and both data and power work without any issues.
seems to work as advertised, was extremely cheap, and allegedly a genuine samsung component.  perfect as a backup to the original one from the box.
works just like the one from the factory at less than half the cost. it's always nice to have spare cables.
you get what you pay for, and product is as described. the cord is really light weight but seems sturdy enough. it is about the same length as the one that was issue with my droid charge.
no need to look anywhere else. this is a genuine replacement charging cable for micro usb devices. i would purchase this if i keep losing my cables. so far so good.
i purchased 2 of these cables for my samsung galaxy s captivate.  they are oem cables and work great with the phone.  no complaints whatsoever.  in fact, i can't tell the difference between the cable that came with my phone and these cables.
it's a piece of wire, what can you say about it?connectors are good and cable looks professional.can't beat the price
reasonabled priced, and exactly what i expected. perfect fit for my samsung galaxy s, which has this little wierd cover that makes not all mini usb cords fit.
great price, prompt, free shipping (came in a small bubble bag with no fancy packaging).i plugged it in and it works.can't ask for more than that!
what can i say? it works to charge via usb and via ac. i needed seven more words to complete this review. there. done. good product.
it works. it's cheap. it's also really short, but i knew that when purchasing it. i just use another usb cable to extend it when i want more distance.
micro usb cables for this cheap?  yes, please!  i picked up 3 of these things to have at home and at work.
these are great cords for the price.  not much to say other than that they work exactly like they should.
this cable works exactly as advertised and exactly like any other cable of the same sort, just like the original!
i found this product really usefull at an excellent price. you don't need to repeatedly connect and disconnetct the cable from the wall inlet charger to sichronize with your computer. perfect.
is a decent cable, no problems so far, maybe you can find problems fixing the connector but that is something that you can fix with a sharp blade.
real good quality cord. arrived on time, excellent for a computer or car. it is about 3ft long. would recommend it is a really low price. i would buy again.
the product works great even though it might be a bit short. you might need extension or a longer version of it.
it was packed great & shipped fast. i had a customer who needed a replacement & so ordered it for him. he was very happy with this product.
this isn't one of those cheap cables that have the shiny plastic coating around them. it is lightweight, has a rubbery feeling and behaves like a rope instead of having perpetual bends where it was originally tied.
works as intended and is good quality. little on the short side, but still works well and does what it's supposed to do.
a usb that works,, any more? m m m m m m m m m m m m m.  m m m
i received the genuine samsung micro usb cable as advertised. i was skeptical because of the fantastic price and a few reviews that stated they didn't receive the genuine samsung cable. the cable i received is identical to the cable that came with my phone and it works flawlessly.
bought these for charging.  they work great, and look just like the originals.  thin, slightly stiff cable, easy insertion on both ends.  they don't feel cheap.
it's a replacement cable to hook up mini usb to usb port on pc.  it does exactly that.  no more   no less.  mine worked perfectly   so perfectly, somebody decided they needed it more than i did.  apparently, it really is that good.
this is just what you need, a data cable aswell as charging cable. works great!! had zero problems with this
great charger better than name brand i have bought others and this the only that seem to charge quickly. nice charger
works great for the samsung vibrant ii (t989). overall very happy w/purchase and shipping time frame. nice quality product.  a few inches over a foot long.
great cables for the price. a little on the short side but that's ok as i just needed them for my pc. bought three.
i recently broke my other usb, and i found this one at a great price! it is even better than the original charger cable since it is longer than the manufactured one. great product overall!
i don't know if this is an authentic oem cable or a perfect copy, but it works as well as the original. buy several.
the cord is fine although i wish it was a bit longer (it is about 1 1/2 to 2 feet so i plug it in and it barely reaches the desk). but the vendor was great. the cord arrived very quickly and in great packaging. i recommend this seller.
works with my galaxy s2, and evo 3d for data and charging. for the price i bought 5 of them to leave one or two everywhere i go.
the cable i received was a genuine samsung data / charging cable and the exact same one that came with my sprint "moment" cell phone. cheap price, genuine brand name, micro usb    nothing more need be said. grab one with confidence if you need it!
i needed a second micro usb cable for my new samsung captivate phone. i didn't realize that this cable was an oem cable since the price was $0.43. it fits the narrow jack on the phone perfectly. i would definitely recommend it.
love this product , now my phone can be charged all day long akdj a;djkf a;fj adkfja f;aj fj fa
long cord, works good, great value for the price. no complaints. takes a bit go get here but no big deal.
this charger was everything i was looking for!  product was just as described. i am recommending this charger to everyone!
bought a couple more charging cords   cause you just can't seem to have enough of them.  extra for the cars and now i can always have one in my purse!
these cables are really nice.  they are about 55 inches long not including the connectors at the end.  i bought them from amazon as the seller so i think they are real.  the quality seems very nice.  hopefully, they will last.
i received it on time and has been using it to charge my smartphone while i was driving. it never gave me any trouble. money well spent!
very impressed. it was just like new. and the length was awesome. i would recommed this to anyone. with yours is lost, stolen, torn, anything!
great item and works terrifically on pc to charge phone if needed.  would purchase again if i needed another one.
product was just as expected, looks completely genuine. works great! ill probably buy another one! you can never have enough charger/data cables! :d a+++
great product and value. good quality, length, and durability too.it's a charging wire, what more can you say about it?
nothing fancy.  just exactly as you would expect.  pay attention to the cord length when ordering.  still working like new.
i purchased a bunch of these bc my phone is always dying. i have a samsung galaxy s and it works great! i did notice however the cords vary in length, so some might be shorter than others. cant beat the price!!
i thought it won't work for captivate coz it's not mentioned anywhere in the desc, but glad it works well.
i was looking for a cheap replacement microusb cord for my sansa clipzip mp3 player for charging & data transfer.  this works and the price was right.
use these for charging my note 2 and the wifes s3. no problems ever. will buy again if i ever need another.
i needed a usb to microusb cable and got one. i looked a few other cables that weren't branded as samsung, but this turned out to be the cheapest at the time. it's a cable and works for anything that has usb or microusb, enough said.
great little product for the price.  i know if you go to best buy these cables are 3x's the price on here if not more.  plus the item arrived in 2 days!!!  would definitely recommend.
no complaints! i use it for my phone and it charges! as of now i have no problems with this product.
it works just as good as you'd expect a cord to, but i wish it were longer. between the free shipping and cheapness other than the length i can't really complain.
i'm not sure everyone gets the same cable considering the different vendors. i bought a few of these for a charging station we used at a trade show. all these cables have lasted where some of the uber cheap cables have not. i would buy these again.
this cord has worked perfectly! it is a great buy for the price! i keep it at work just in case i need a quick charge. works perfectly!
a little shorter than 3' but that's fine for me and otherwise exactly as shown. i bought five. all samsung quality, they all work for data and power on my galaxy. great value, highly recommended.
i received the cord quickly, with no problems at all. it works great, and awesome price. i like it so much i ordered a second cord the next day.
i purchased this product to use as strictly as a car charger for my samsung phone.  it works flawlessly with my black and decker usb adapter device.  great to have when you find your phone running low on juice on a long car ride.
this is a very simple product. as other reviews have mentioned, three feet is shorter than you expect so be warned. that being said, it's a samsung branded micro usb cord. it charges and syncs phones exactly as it should.
the cord ahipping was fast and it was repacked but that was okay an it was as described in the details
awesome product! would purchase this item again and it's exactly the same product that was given to me when i purchase my cell phone!!! again awesome product.
i got this to replace the original, which was hardly kept falling out of my phone. it fits perfectly w/ my samsung galaxy s. and for the price, it can't be beat!
this cable is an original samsung one and it works flawlessly.the 1 amp charger i have charges my phone in 2 hours with this cable as opposed to a no brand cable.
the worst thing is too bee waiting on the mail too run and it don't nothing  come!!! but they gave me dates and it was here on them dates something too look forward too!!
this oem cable performs exactly as advertised. 31.5" long, it is shorter than the original cable provided with my samsung captivate    a good thing for connecting the phone to my laptop. the connectors fit snugly in their respective sockets. i highly recommend this item.
i just want to let everybody know that this works very well for galaxy sii, and looks even sturdier than the cable that came with the phone originally
usb cable arrived right before christmas in great condition and it works perfectly with my samsung fascinate desktop charging dock.
thanks for thr fast shipping. product works and fit perfectly. it really saved me from having to buy one from the cell phone carrier. great price!!
definitely you can't beat the price these cords are ten dollars and upat any electronic store.the cord was also a genuine samsung product,charged my phone right up in no time.
i expected a short wire but it came longer than my old one, which is great!! i plan on buying more just in case.
i bought this for a relative as a component of their full charger.  item came quick and works perfect with their wall plug with usb insert that completes the two parts of their charging system.  relative happy and i give seller and item 5 stars.
definetly what i needed to charge my phone. great quality in the product and not cheap like others. i would recommend buying this
yup this worked as a replacement for one that i had lost.  no problem with juicing up my old samsung phone.  just have to remember where i put it since i don't use this phone as often.
the cable came extremely fast and was way cheaper than buying it at the store. haven't had any connection problems with it.
great product, great price, fast shipping! if i ever need a replacement will be ordering from these guys again. no complains whatsoever.
as others have said, it is short. it works perfectly, though. my other cords have stopped working, so i need to order a few more!
needed a usb cable that would work with my lg cell phone. i already had the cigarette usb power adapter, but needed this usb cable to plug from the power adapter to my phone. this one fits (correct length and size) for what i needed.
we bought a phone charging station and needed a few usb cables. this was a great price and has been working well. would order again if needed.
this is a very nice quality cable.  good length, medium thickness.  i was expecting a short thin cable for the price.  i am very pleased.  the delivery was fast.
as usual all cords only last so long then its time to buy a new one. at these prices it makes it less expensive. its better to buy more than one.
i needed a another cable called samsung cable was $17 this one less than $3 and its a samsung cable stamped right on the cable works fine.
i ordered 2 of these chargers, 1 for my car & another for work. they both work as expected. i have the samsung galaxy blaze & charges my phone just fine. worth buying!
no problems just shorter than i would have liked . but it works and that is all that matters to me
i bought this after my hp touchpad usb charging cable stopped working. this is an inexpensive replacement and works well with the touchpad. i highly recommend it!
ihave bought 3 4 of these keep them all over the house and my carrying bags.great price as well.ithink i have lenty for now
i ordered these cables on amazon after pricing them all over the web. they arrived in just over four days, well in advance of the estimated delivery date. the cables are samsung oem stock, exactly as advertised. data transfer and charging works just fine on my samsung fascinate.
this product was exactly what i was looking for! exceeded my expectations! it is obviously good qualilty and worked perfectly!
this works just like the one that came with my phone, except it is a bit shorter. who cares, i use this in the car, i don't want 3 feet of cord wrapping around my shifter. good buy.
she used it to charge her phone and hook it up to the computer. and, it worked perfectly.  no complaints from her or myself.
i bought this product before and loved it then.  so when my niece needed a replacement cord i purchased this one. i hope this company keeps up the good work.
if you really have to read a review on a usb charging cable you must have experienced disappointment on such a product. you won't here, this cable worked great and the cost was just as good.
love this product. because i bought so many people think i make them appear out of thin air. they have been very helpful and i plan on buying more.
bought this for my hp tablet charger from a previous customer's review for his tablet.  it works better than the original cable that hp offers.  the cable is a little short but it does the job.
these wires were perfect! i needed extra cables to keep my android phone charged since i'm always on the go so i bought a couple of these and left one in the office, and another in the car. these are high quality cables!
works great.  no problems.  it's short, which was perfect because i wanted to be able to plug it in to the powerstrip on my desk and not have it take over the space.
i ordered five (my dog likes to eat them) and so far they've worked perfectly! cheap, too which is a huge bonus.
this is a useful product. it came faster than i thought, and it works very well with my samsung i897! it has a good lenght. i recommend this product to everyone.
i've had this cord for about 4mths and it works great plus the length is great. i've had no problems with this product.
it works.i didn't look to see how long it was, turns out they're fairly short. it's still good though.
very good buy and inexpensive. will buy more if needed and look for other replacement cords. i will recommend to my friends and family!
works great on droid
product was as described and does the job i need it to do; pretty straightforward. what more can i say?
works as advertised. nothing much to say, except it is a bargain to get this cable at a very low price compared to cable prices at retail stores.
great for its price. i keep one at work all the time. it should work for all android phones with the same mirco usb plug.
title says it all   no complains. great deal for this price.did not discover any disadvantage to original cable.
you can never have too many of these chargers for your android device and the price was perfect for me.
well, there's not much to say, it's just a usb cable. it works as expected, with a good solid connection.
great cable cheap fast delivery good length. use on multiple devices such as phones,tablets,cameras. does its job its intended for. such as file transferscand other stuff
this is exactly the cable you would get if you were to purchase a samsung device that uses micro usb. it's always good to keep a few extras lying around!
works as intended with my samsung galaxy nexus (lte). charges as ac when connected to a wall charger, transfers files through usb and charges when connected to a computer.
works just the way it said it would. so far no problems and it was way cheaper then if you were to buy it at a store or else where. thanks
the short length is handy for cramped desk environments. quality is sufficiently high and it works with all of my micro usb devices such as samsung phones, kindles, etc.
ordered these as spares for various devices that use micro usb connectors.  seem to work fine for the limited use i've given them.
target and walmart sell these for $10 $20, so $1 is a bargain. it works on charging my kindle and droid x usb mini devices perfectly.
worked as expected. just a typical charging cord. great price for temporary use however would not recommend as a permanent solution.
 product was as advertised and fitted perfectly to my sgh2. service was prompt. it would have been better if the cable length was a bit longer.
have use this with motorola photon, and moto x and an htc phone.  these are excellent oem quality cables and have worked well for both charging the phones and as data cables for retrieving photos or updating music files.
i bought this product for the replacement for my touchpad data cable. it really works well to my touchpad and i am so satisfied with this item.
i love this product it works great and it charges my phone great, i love this thing. i would highly recommend this
does what it says. good quality and has failed on me yet. good to have one at home, one in the car, and one at work.
i always have faith in samsung products! they have always lasted the longest, and went through so much wear and tear. would not buy any other!
works fine for us. not sure what others were looking for when they bought item. plug in charge up good to go!
it is the exact cord for my samsung charger. and unlike another cord i ordered, this one actually worked to transfer information from my phone to my computer, and vice versa.
i got it in two days and it works great with my samsung intercept, charges my phone quickly too. overall, lovely.
i was looking for a usb cord without a lot of plastic around the usb nub. the usb cut out on my phone case wasn't very big and i wanted to be able to charge without taking it on and off   this works perfectly.
product exactly as described fast shipment and was cheaper than if i purchased it locally. great experience will buy again.
it was actually for my boyfriend because he was torn. but yes, it was just what he needed. and it came nice and quick (:
not sure if it was 100% new. but it works and its alot cheaper then going to best buy or any other place.
i ordered five of these because they always break no matter what for me. they came a week before the estimated delivery and all were made of a very durable material. i do recommend these cables for usb data cables!
not really much to say here, just the cheapest one i could find at the time. i don't even think i used it for a samsung phone, but it did work just great!
it shipped quickly and was worked as expected.  i would orded this again.  i am satisfied with the item and the price.
awesome just what i neededthis was just what i thought it was and just now need to fill the min. words written
bought 6 cables.some people say its short but i wanted this for my laptop so its fine for me.bought 6, gave 3 to a friend. now i have charge on my car, on the office and on my laptop :dthanks!  excellent quality
so many of the charging cables for the at&t captivate don't fit properly and have to be "shaved" to make them work.  not this one   it fits perfectly and does the job.
so far working better than the oem cable that came with the phone. that cable has a connector that sometimes loses contact and can move around while attached.  this cable attaches much more firmly and doesn't lose contact.  this cable is shorter than the oem cable.
oem samsung quality. the cable is about two feet long, a bit shorter than what came with my samsung focus. i was hoping for a bit longer cable to use in my car, but i can not complain as they are oem and of high quality.
it's a nice charger it does the job charges my samsung galaxy s with no problem it's great for the price
i bought a generic cable, which would not work on my phone with my case on the phone i bought this and it works perfect. don't skimp on charging devices, oem is the way to go.
lets me link my htc g2 to my computer for charging and syncing. good quality too. the one thing some people might not like is the short wire but for my uses thats what i wanted.
this cord is just a backup to my primary 1. it serves its purpose as well as the 1 that came with my phone.
what else do you expect? works as planned and cable is a thick design. looks like it will hold up nicely for what i need.
exact same cable that came with my phone (samsung galaxy prevail). it's even the same length.bought 4 of these to have one wherever i go.
i like the charger it works well, but would have preferred it to be longer than what it was. if you want it to be a longer usb cord this isn't the one for you but it works well as a portable charger.
i got this cable so i could charge my lg tone (hbs 700) bluetooth headphones (which have a micro usb port) from my computer. it works fine!
great as a backup or a primary charging cord.  i bought it for a primary since i gave my original one away.
it works fine and the lenght of the cord in my opinion is adequate.  otherwise, it does what it is supposed to do.
the detail it describe is accurate. it charge up my samsung transform ultra phone quite fast. very satisfied with this purchase.
no problems with my order, the price and shipping was great. i have already referred this to friends and coworkers looking to get extra cables.
arrived very quickly works just as well as oem if not better cant beat this product for the price i definetly  would reccomend this product to others
great price, product as described.  multipurpose   i use to connect to computer, charge from wall and charge from car.
strong cord, works as it should, but a little too short.  price is so affordable.  thank you very much for making this so reasonably priced and sturdy
not much else to say other than it works as it's supposed to and you certainly cannot complain about the price.
works great and charges fine.  it was worth every penny i purchased it for.  i recommend it for anyone looking for a replacement cable.
i keep this in my car to charge on the go. works great, charges quickly, clicks into place and doesn't fall out unless pulled.
works great! needed a replacement for my old charger. not cheap and charges my phone very fast! i love it!
i like this product. it is well designed and works well. i would recommend it to anybody looking for their samsung phone.
the cable has samsung labelled on it, i dont know if thats real or not but the cable works perfectly fine with my galaxy s2.
cord is brand new, no problems. definitely recommend this if you need an extra charging cable or just need to replace your old one.
i bought this in a bundle of two and i am completely pleased. great chords. sync with my computer and are good quality,
strong and works great and a great price! recommend everyone for this product. get multiple product for future!! 1 1
i am very please with the cable. it was a little shorter than i expected.it works just fine, and i have no complaints whatsoever.
this is just perfect and does exactly what i needed. now i have an extra cord to connect my phone to my computer.
great for charging media devices on any pc machine. lets you not worry about keeping your charge up! plug into any usb port!!!
my original shorted out when i'd mistakenly stepped on it getting back into my rig. replaced it with this without any issues
product came very quickly and works perfectly with my samsung galaxy s2. the product was exactly as described and was manufacturer made. can't ask for much more at the price.
i havent had any problems with my usb cable and i have had it several months now. it works like a champ!
shipped quickly and works great! haven't had anything wrong with this product and i have had it for a few months now.
for less than $3, i got a cable that is identical to the brand cable from samsung. charges well and no problem with data transfer. definitely recommended.
i bought a samsung infuse 4g and it didn't come with a charger but i already had the wall port for the usb charger.so i ordered this.  it was delivered on time and it very tough so it won't tear.
what is there to say? it's a micro usb cable. works fine with anything requiring a micro usb charger. works fine in both samsung phones in our household, kindle, etc.
i use this cable to charge my samsung galaxy prevail.  it works as intended.  i've had no problems at all with it.
work just as it should and fits my phone. i bought it just to use in my car for my new charger i bought
the item arrived quickly and works great. if i need more for myself or friends and family i know where to go first. you can never have to many charging cables around the house or in travel bags.
i bought 2 of these cords. they are thick and seemingly better constructed than the ones that came with our phones. i would recommend!
item came on tme and in good condition. works great with my samsung epic (sprint) cable is short can't talk & charge unless u sit next to outlet! over all great spare cable!!
i bought these for replacing my short cable.i dont know why but samsung reduced length of cord and made them super short.cables work okay as expected and no complaints on that part.maybe samsung is in penny pinching mode.
this was exactly what i wanted and it served it's purpose exactly as i expected. what can i say this is a great (although somewhat short) mini usb cable for relatively cheap.
got 3 cables, shipping included, for less than $5   hard to beat that!  works great with my samsung skyrocket. everyone is mentioning they're a bit shorter than the original   not an issue if you're charging from your laptop. quick delivery also.
product was delivered promptly and works perfectly with my device. i had misplaced my original cable and i am happy to get quality replacement at a great price.
i bought this to have an extra cord to charge my htc evo 4g at work and it does just that. happy with my purchase!
can't beat it for the price, i ordered 2! they are good quality, i prefer them over the oem ones that comes with my phones.
i ordered these because my boys are always loosing their charger cords or causing them to short out.  these hold up pretty well & look just like the originals.  i just ordered 2 more for back up.
charges with no current drop. does exactly what it is supposed to. works without any issues with blackberry bold 9900 and samsung galaxy s4 also.
it does its job. there's not much else i can say about it. works with my galaxy sii, raspberry pi, and battery.
item works as described so far;  the video quality received is only limited by the quality of this inexpensive cable.
works great, tip will not easily break or get damaged, cable is long enough for any regular uses too, good quality, and same as product description
worked as described and the price was great.  the cord arrived as it said it would. i would purchase again.
i mean what else to say. it got here timely, it works, and its just like they said it would be.
what can i say about this product? it's fine. it works like it's supposed to. nothing to get excited about. it's not like it is gold or something. nothing exciting.
i got this to charge my galaxy s2.  it does just that.i haven't tried to use it for data transfers so i am not sure of that capability.
exactly the same as the stock charger cable. also says samsung on it. gives me confidence for my vibrant and works like a charm.
this is original and cheap so why buy china versions but it is not the same as the original one for the galaxy s ii but it will work with it as i have tested it and works the same.
the cable was identical to the cable that came with my samsung fascinate verizon phone.  the length of cable and the connectors were identical and, with free and prompt shipping, i was very satisfied.
i think my phone's charging port is loose, because a lot of cables don't work for it. this one does perfectly, though, and seems to transfer files very rapidly too. i'm very happy with this purchase!
the replacement cable is shorter than the oem version; however it appears to be more sturdy. i have had no issues with charging or data transfer with this cable. great price too!!
the price of this product is affordable and i love it.  great condition and came in well before expected.  now i just need to work on ordering me a car charger and i'll give ten stars.  am will most defiantly order from here again.
my dog like chewing on cables so when i found these, i bought a couple just to see if they work okay. when i got them they worked perfectly and the price of them is great!! i have bought about 5 so far just in case.
just what i needed fits snug and tight not falling out like some cables great to use in a vehicle or in the house
i am using this cable with my samsung epic 4g and a couple of lg phones that also have the micro usb connector and as expected they work fine.  it is just a usb cable after all and not some proprietary cable.
super fast shipment and this was a great price compared to other online places i have checked out. would do business with again.thanks
does exactly what i wanted it to do, for a really low price! excellent choice. i ordered 3, just so that i don't have to take then with me all the time.
i am really enjoying it. it works great but make sure when you buy it you have something to hook it to.
i had to buy a cable for my phone because of course, virgin mobile, the cheapest company in the world, does not include one with the phone. oh well, at 2.00, this cable is great.
use it with my lg and htc desire phones.  works as charging cable as well as data.  perfect.
needed to connect my samsung note ii to my computer to sync itunes. works great and looks good. quality product!
nice usb for replacement of one that quit working. this is a nice, inexpensive way to replace a usb cord it yours quits working.
the item arrived quickly in the mail. it was very durable and sturdy and as described/pictured. great bargain item. does the job.
i ordered a replacement since my original one cracked. i am happy to report that the replacement is working brilliantly. i am very satisfied.
cable feels pretty durable and easily connects my galaxy prevail to my laptop. not much else to say about this except that it just works.
i needed an extra and this did the job perfectly at one third the price of going to a chain store and buying one
it charges our phone as needed! it works as a charging cable. it is short, but that's not a problem if you keep the phone near an outlet at night, as i do. (duh.)
i bought this to use for my apple tv 2.  it works great and i have had no issues with data transfers.
works well for my samsung captivate. length is nearly half compared to the in box cable. didn't matter for me though.
these are original samsung cables. works for both data and charging. they are good for price. i bought 2 of them to use them in office and home. don't expect finish on them of a 10 $ cable. but they seems ok and will last.
does the job nicely, transfers data well, and is built with good quality material. used it as a replacement cable for my motorola atrix 4g.
while the cable is a bit on the short side, it is an excellent replacement for my broken wire.  i just might pick up another as a spare.  excellent quality wire.
this cable works. it charges. it transfers data. it inexpensive. yup. it works. i use this cable daily. wow. cool. neat. radical. why does amazon need this review to be 20 words?
ive had about 3 replacement usb data cables to go with my charger for my lg phone but this samsung is by far the best ! highly recommend it!
samsung sent out a bogus batch of cables, quickly failed to charge phone anymore. this replacement did the trick, really should of bought two to have one as a spare.
it worked good and i got it lees a week and i even got a email from to let me know that thy send it
needed this for my kindle since i lost the original charger. it works fine and hasn't given me any issues so far.my house hasn't burned down, and my kindle still works fine   i'm a happy camper.
slim fit of micro usb end is important for some devices with recessed port like samsung captivate.works well with many other devices.samsung galaxy notegoogle nexus 7samsung galaxy siii
got it for my kid cuz she lost her other charger works like its suppose to fits phone like its suppose to
not only did i get my item on time and it was exactly what i needed, the seller was able to get it to me after i did one click purchase and realized my address was my old address. received my item w/out delay at my new address.
these are standard charge cables i use as stand by they are worth for their price. works for me for the price
a real samsung data/charging cable. worked a 100% was very well made, had a good size to it all in all just like getting a new cable with your new samsung phone.
great cables for the low cost. was having an issues with the oem moto triumph usb cables. so i purchased these cables and my charging issues have been cleared. cables are pretty short, but more than adequate for my needs.
good quality cable at a ridiculous price. why spend 5 to 10 times more when you get good stuff here.
this works just like the one i received with my phone when new.  that one was stolen and the replacement didn't work as well.  not a big purchase but i'm happy to have it!
this was exactly as described.  it works perfectly for my samsung epic 4g.  the cord is kind of short though.
i picked this cable mostly because of the price as a micro usb charging cable for my samsung phone.  it works fine.
unlike other usb charging/sync cables i've purchased, this one actually works for syncing. i've purchased 3 from other places that didn't work for syncing data, so i was quite pleased.
cheap and work great nothing to complain .arrived on time and i have been using them for a few months .will order a bunch as i keep needing charging everywhere .work with my galaxy s and htc one x
shipped on time.great quality. we bought this to replace my husbands samsung cord that wouldn't charge. since buying this his phone charges and this cord is better quality than the one that came with his phone.
good charger cords i ordered 6 for the price and they all do well i would order again without hesitation
it was exactly the same as the original and worked perfectly.  i recommend this to anyone who needs this type replacement cable.  the cable matches all the specs for proper operation.
i like long chargers, and this one is perfect for plugging in next to my bed. fits great, and very inexpensive.
i bought this cable a little over three months ago (i think) and it is still working great. definitely worth the buy.
i have been using it every day for 7 month on my samsung galaxy s2.it fits well and works good with my phone.i don't see any difference from the original cable came with the phone.
the product is good and fits the phone very good. the price could have been a little cheaper, i think.
received my new charging cords very quickly, great price for this product. glad i found these instead of paying 20 for them at best buy.
like this item,works great.i would recommend this usb data cable to anyone who looking for one to buy.it came on time.
high quality cords, shipped fast and packaged nicely. these are the cords you need to buy. i have had lesser cords which break but these are high quality.
other brands would fall apart after a couple of weeks. not these! a little short, could be 6 inches longer.
this cable seems to be original. it has all samsung logo and upc code. it's been working perfectly for me.
not as glossy as the oem cable. and feels a little cheaper; but essentially the same thing.works well without issues.
ordered 2 cables.  each appeared brand new and each have worked perfectly for charging both my htc evo and samsung epic phones.i would definitely purchase them again from this seller.
arrived pretty quickly, had broke my old one, but it works as intended. no issues. great buy for the price, would buy again!!!
the cable is actually about 30" in length.  it is a samsung brand cable.  i purchased from seller1on1 and received it in 3 days.  less expensive than any comparable cable from the store.  i just ordered a second one.
brought this to transfer data to my phone and to also charge my phone. i like the length of the cord and will buy again if needed.
it is a bulb. it lights things up. it helps me see things better in the dark. i couldn't see things in the dark before. i can now.
the cable is exactly what it says. i use it to charge my samsung galaxy ii s off my computer. great bargain!
works ok. i've used this many times over past year. so far no problems, it is good quality product and good price.
perfect charger for perfect price !! it cannt be better. instant charger.battery is full in 30 min. its rocking !!
fast came at the right time needed new songs uploaded for a trip smaller thn the last one but that fine.
i don't think i have to write too much more on this product apart from the title.  this product was shipped and received quickly, i ordered 3 and they all worked well and were as described and you really can't beat the price.  need i say more?.
it works. it's consistent. no complaints, really. it charges and it transfers data at a normal speed. built solidly and should last a while.
i ordered these cables on amazon after pricing them all over the web. they arrived in just over four days, well in advance of the estimated delivery date. the cables are samsung oem stock, exactly as advertised. data transfer and charging works just fine on my samsung admire.
i was a little skeptical when i placed the order but was pleasantly surprised by the prompt shipment and good quality of the product.
short cable version not the same size as the manufacturer usb cable   but works for samsung galaxy s2 t mobile phone. perfect for desktop charging and car charging.
this cord looks just like the one that i had before (the original cord that came with the phone) except its a little longer which i am very happy with. works well so far (1 month in).
it was exactly what it appears to be. it worked great for my previous phone. the length was not what i wanted but i needed it fast and cheap.
these work well as spares and a person just needs spares.  no more trying to keep up with just one charging cable.
cheap and useful replacement or additional charger wire, got just what i needed out of it, functioned perfectly for me.
my hp touchpad charge cord died i read in reviews that this cord would work and its works well and i'm so happy as its less than 2 dollars to repplace the orginal cord hp wanted 20.00 + shipping.
works like it is supposed to. i purchased several of these because of the great price and i have not had any issues with them.
this product does what it is supposed too, charge a phone.  i have a galaxy s2.  it is a bit on the short side but it does the trick.
prompt shipment. item is as described. reasonable price. necessary tool to use the phone to its full potential. don't know why we didn't have it.
i needed an extra cord for charging and this solved my problem. it is great to get something i need at such a great price.
it is a good deal.  free shipping, good price ,and  both cables  work fine.  these cables are as good as higher priced usb's
works great, fits my phone perfectly and is exactly as described in the product detail. i'm very happy with my purchase, well worth the money i paid.
exactly what the seller said it was. i had a usb plug in for my car and i use this samsung usb charger cord with my samsung s cell phone! got say i love it!!!
works fine, it's been working fine for a few months now. it is nice and long so that i can use it at a distance
it is nice, small , and useful . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
bought this as i needed an extra and works great with my evo 4g. after looking in stores and finding similar wires to be a whopping $15, decided to give this a try and thankfully it worked!
good product, works for my evo 3d for charging and data transfer. i think can't beat it for price. really happy with purchase.
this is a great product for a great price. i got exactly what i was looking for without having to over pay for it.
this is just what i wanted, came before the date and was in good shape. it works great, a lot cheaper than any one else.
the product was really good and i would have to say that i would order again. nice product tho i like it
oem samsung replacement cord, it is what it is. same cord that comes with phone. there are no problems with the cord.
this cable works well and i have no issues to report. i bought a three pack to have one in my home, one at work, and one with me when travelling. i've owned the cables for over a year and a half and they're all in great condition.
i was looking for short cables to charge my smart phone in my truck and house without having to wrap up an extra couple feet of excess. this cable is short, small and thin, but well made. perfect for my needs.
we go through micro usb cords like water in my house. although the adapter works fine. great price, fast shipping.
i bought this because i wanted an extra usb to micro usb cable for my varies devices and this one was cheap and effective! glad i purchased it.
great little cord to charge my cell phone. i have a lg phone and it works great.  quick shipping, it's new and looks great. 5 stars from me.
purchased these cables since i have extra chargers. they work very well to charge my samsung galaxy s2. price is reasonable and product is a good length and quality
bought this charger because my cat ate my original one. i bought on friday, came back from work on monday and it was already in my mailbox. amazing! will definitely buy again when the cat eats this one.
i am pleased with the charging cables. great price. didn't expect anything less. i needed to replace my original charging cable in a hurry. thanks!
i got 2 of these a little over a month ago and both have been charging my phone great with no problems.
i am happy with these cables,  i do plan to purchase more soon! worked perfectly with my samsung captivate
i broke my original and found this to be better quality than avg products available in stores. great product and i recommend it to everyone.
its a lengthy cord (about 3 feet) that charges my phone quickly and efficiently. would recommend this charger to everyone.
works good i have a child that likes to chew on anything so i go through phone cords like no other and buying cheap is great for me
i don't have this phone charger anymore but it worked great. i have so many chargers, i gave that one to my friend.
helps me to keep things charged up. came in a very timely manner. allows me to charge things from my computer, which saves me time and energy.
sdfsd s df fsd fsd sdf dsf  sdf sd sd sdf  sfd sdf sfd fd fsd  sdf sdf fsd fsd
this is an oem samsung cord about 32" long.  i ordered 2 and both work perfectly for both charging and data transfer to a computer.  great price for an oem cord.
this is working great for the home and office, when you need that exta charge and don't wont to carry the whole charger around with you, perfect.
i bought this for my fiance to use in his car. great price and works great. it seems durable as well.
fits and gives me the extra usb needed to keep my phone charged. thanks if i need a longer one i will buy again!
legit samsung cable. it is a little short at 30 inches. works great for charging and data transfers with my samsung galaxy sii.
i gave this product five stars because it arrived ahead of schedule and it was packaged very nicely. will definitely purchase from again.
a bit short, but charges perfectly. i use it for my laptop and to connect to the wall attachment that came with the phone and no issues.
these charging cables work great. exactly the same as the one i'm replacing from original manufacturer. it even matches the product number from the manufacturer sticker on original cable. great buy. no complaints.
it came sooner than expected.the length is perfect! charges my phone properly and quickly. definitely a great buy considering the price.
i got this because i have two universal car adapters without a usb cable for my samsung galaxy sii. i've had this for about a month and it works perfect! i can finally charge my phone and use my gps app on the phone while driving.
it works fine as a charging and data connection cable although it is a little shorter than the original one.
not an oem cable as shown, but it does what it is supposed to do.i can't tell any difference in performance with oem cable.
low price and pretty good quality. all the functions works well. the cable length is not too short. i would recommend this product.
looks and works great!  i had another cord made by lg that was a charge cord only!  garbage!  this transfers power and data!  woot!
i got two since they were priced so well, just in case one didn't work.  they both worked and i'll keep one at the office and the other in my car.  great price, delivered in a timely manner and did i mention great price!
i ordered this assuming it wouldn't be a genuine samsung product, but it is!the order came fast, the price was right.  i will order it again if / when i lose this one.  thanks!
great product at a great price! just works. this is just what you need to charge your cell phone. perfect
i keep one in the car and one at home so i can keep my phones charged via usb instead multiple power bricks.  does exactly what i bought it for.
i ordered this so i could have a extra for my rapsberry pi. works great!(the rapsberry pi is awesome look it up online if you don't know what it is.)
excellent price and this data cable will mount the samsung vibrant (galaxy s) smartphone tested on both mac os and windows in usb debugging mod.length is 30"
it's always good to have extra cables for your phone.  samsung is a little particular and pref that you use authentic samsung cables with their devices.
works perfectly with the samsung galaxy nexus. i purchased several other micro usb cables off of the internet and this is the only one that fit well and would charge my nexus.wish they made a 6 foot long cord
this is an excellent product and it does exactly what it is suppose to do. there is no obvious difference between this and the original usb data charging cable. even the length is the same.
bottom line i believe its a matter of price, ands this one was reasonably priced and also shipped promptly by the way
thanks! i use it to charge my samsung corby txt b3210 with my laptop. its easier than buying the outlet convertor
micro usb data cable. looks good, not cheap. way more inexpensive than what i could have bought locally. the right price. got 3 of these
a cable that is actually made by samsung! this is a great purchase, especially if you have a samsung product that you need to charge. if not, this is still a great product because it is well made.
charger is built more strongly and finer than the one i received with the phone. make sure to check the length of what you are getting! i like long cords, but what i got here was barely a foot long.
does its intended purpose. works well and at the price was great to pick up a few extras if i misplace any.
works fine
this cable fit my samsung phone as stated in the details. before i was unable to send pictures from my phone to my computer. now i can do that.  great product
the replacement cable did the job and still does.  great for the price.  i would purchase again if something happened to it.
it did the job it was supposed to do, how much can i say about a cable, it work's fine.
it's a cable.  it does what it's supposed to.  no reason to believe it won't continue to work as intended.  fully satisfied!
ordered 2 cables. 1 was identical to the oem cable that came with my samsung focus. the other was very similar, but looks like an oem cable for a different samsung phone. both work as intended on my samsung focus. best price on the net.
was expecting samsung replacements but got generic oems instead.the cables work great without any problems~ would replace the icon pic to avoid misunderstanding~
does what it is supposed to do, charges up my phone, and transfer junk from my pc to my phone.
its a data cable it does what it does, charges and data movement. i would buy item again if needed,
cable works exactly has described.  no problems and no calls back to vendor. always enjoy getting product that works first time,  and  every time.
fact is, it works, it's good quality, and it works.  and, it's less than 2 bucks.  why would you hesitate?  don't waste valuable minutes.  buy.
this cable allows me to charge multiple devices throughout my day.  very nice to have as an extra power source when traveling.
product was perfect for me except just wish the cord was a little longer.  my cp tower at work is on the floor so the cord is not long enough other wise the product was excellent.samsung replacement usb data charging cable for samsung sph m330, sch r100, sgh t939, and sch r850
great for tethering your phone with a laptop or charging from your desk.  it's about 3' long and works well with my galaxy nexus.
i needed a new cable to charge my cellphone. this cable was extremely reasonable and i ordered it. i got the cable promptly, it was exactly as promised, and i was able to use it immediately. i'd do business with these folks again.
the samsung usb cable was surprising to me. it is a thicker cable than others i have ordered in the past. will stand up to any abuse that my son will dish out. excellant price, fast shipping and came in original packing. well done, thank you
it works arrived on time, packing was ok but it's just wires so i wouldn't expect the whole nine with bubble wrap and plastic container. it came wrapped in a plastic bag
it's a cable,and it works.  what more do you need to know.  if the price is ok at the time you're viewing it, go for it.
perfect replacement for my lost micro usb cables for my galaxy s ii.  they also work perfectly for our kindle fire and droid thunderbolt.  high quality, super cheap.
i purchased this for my fiance because his original cable wasn't working right. i figured i might as well order another one for a back up. the cables work well with both our phones and i'm very satisfied.
i purchased this additional usb cord for my previous cell phone. the usb cable cord works great, and i haven't had any issues!
ordered due to brand name and best price on internet. fast shipping, correctly sized shipping container, product itself is quite nice, good size gage of cable but still soft and flexible.
these cables come in very handy if you have a lot of devices. i do. hence i have these cables at all places so that i can charge my devices anywhere. i bought these at a very nominal cost and they are totally worth it.
this was perfect for the price. it did just what i needed. i will never spend $20 again on a usb charger for my phone from the cell phone provider.
great works with all types of chargers. works great on kindle and all t mobile phones with out any problems .
cable works great, even in my picky samsung captivate. put one in your laptop case, one in your desk, and one in the car.
i bought this because the factory one was really too long.  this one is just right.  as good or better quality.
my droid was dead for couple days.i can't wait till this cable arrived.it works very well and charge fast.love it
ordered a few of these and they work great. read reviews and was prepared for 30" cables but was surprised when 1 meter cables came. either works for me, but the meter cables are nice. works with the evo 4g and evo shift. highly recommend.
bought 2 of these so that i wouldn't have to worry about carrying the same one around all the time.the price is right, low cost for pretty quality product.fit is smooth and doesn't seem rough like some poorer quality cables.
cable works great!  decent cord length. functions as described. i needed a couple of extras to keep by the computer and bedside to keep my phone charged. can't beat the price! recommended.
my charger broke so i decide  to get one for everyone in the house one.plus so i dont break my phone.
chord is nice in length. feels sturdier than the original chord. price was amazing. would recommend this to buyers if they have a shortage in their original chord or looking for one that is longer than what they have.
this cable works great for my samsung galaxy s3 phone.  i am pleased with its charging speed so far, and the only thing i wish was different was its length.  it could use to be just slightly longer. other than that, its great!
product works well. i'm able to charge my phone. it was a great price to replace my broken charger. thx
this worked fine. charges my phone, does my taxes and gives me sweet love'n. i ain't no holler back girl.
these work just like originals we had with our phones.  our phone chargers seem to  wear out the connection part of the cord.  no problems so far with the replacement cords we purchased. they have a good tight fit with our phones.
some of the after market phone chargers dont completely hook into my phone port. this cable connects completely and snug like it was the same charger that i received when i bought the phone brand new. i would 100% buy this charger again
perfect fit for my samsung captivate, even feels the same, is a little shorter but still long enough and for $2 definitely would by again
not really sure what  to say about this other than it works great.i need a few more.so i can have a few for my computer  so i don't have to keep switch this one back and fourth
it works with all my other equipment also. works with no issues and i would buy this again if i needed one.
nice quality at a nice price.  works as expected for my galaxy phone, so much so that i order 3 to have handy.
works great and bought more!!!!! and if i need more i will buy many more! i got them all over my house for easy charging!
the usb is the perfect lenght . i use it as my work charger cord. never leaves my desk. it amazing  and  exactly what i was looking for.
as advertised, excellent fit and quality.  i was skeptical buying any cable like this online, but this cable is perfect and as advertised.  buy with confidence you will receive a samsung branded usb micro usb cable and it will fit perfectly in any compitable device, regardless of brand.
nothing to say. works good.extra words for the dumb 20 minimum word count.blah bla blaa blae blo blue blahs blohs blaaaaaa
i didnt know that it was going to be a short cable but it works well and it came it a good condition
the exact usb cable replacement that i needed and it was a great price.  i bought several because you can never have enough.
this was amazing especially for the price!!!!i had been searching everywhere and the price was ridiculous!!!! thanks alot amazon!!!
it's a cord, it works, and it's cheap.  couldn't expect any more from this product (i use it mainly to charge my smart phone at work, which it's perfect for).
shipping is faster than i expected. the charger working fine for me. the cord is not too long or too short. it was perfect length for me
this cable has a strong construction and fits perfectly on galaxy s3.this is my second purchase.i bought 6 units.
it's a micro usb that i use in the car for my phone.  it keeps the phone charged.  it's a simple cable that i could use with the computer too.
this is a great quality product for my cell phone, great price and shipping too.
i did not know whether the cable would work with the at&t; galaxy s 2 .but it works great!i have had the cable for about two weeks and it seems to work just as good as the original cable that was in the box when i bought the phone.
works great. i can take it on the go and its easy to use. the cable is sturdy and charges my devices fast!
good product. i was looking for a reasonable back up charging cable for my phone and this one seemed legit and reasonable. thanks
when i order i was scare, because i did not know if it was real wires or fake ones.when i order them, i got them 3 days later. free shipping!! i was like wow!!!anyways  they work with my galaxy s 4g perfect! i am one happy mother f@!^&
excellent cable, larger and better design than original. length is longer also . original end broke; cable alot smaller. buy two; if yoi need more than one.
i bought this in a bundle along with a car charger and works great. good value for the money and nice to have as an additional charger especially if you are a traveller.
this is exactly what i paid for. the cord is a bit short but it doesn't matter because it still works.
exactly as described and quality is good. just the right length for my purpose, handy for charging with computer. works great.
i ordered a few of these to keep around the house in case my cat chewed through another cord.all of them match up wonderfully with my phone and i've had no problems thus far.definitely fits lg motion 4g phones  
can't complain at all.  works great.  charges my hp touchpad perfectly well, even though that's not what it was for.
it works fine and i used it to charge my samsung galaxy s3 without any problem. i am sure it is compatible with most newer or older micro usb devices as well. paid  a fraction of the price it would cost elsewhere.
it works and is ok f f d d f g f d d fs d y r a dhd r thdi
good, just as shown in picture. works fine, haven't used it that much but so far it is holding up just as good as the cable that came with the phone.
needed a replacement cable for my kindle fire and i found this cable to be the cheapest one. works great no charging or connectivity problems.
i bought just because i needed another phone cable for the car. it works great just like the original and is very good quality! :d
use this to connect my captive i897 to my laptop (since the one provided by at&t; did not fit properly).seems to be working well, the usb fits in to the slot of the phone properly.for the price and free shipping i would say this is a steal.
excellent service!!!! great customer services!!!had nice experience with there customer service and in future i will continue to do business with them.
shorter than the one you get with your phone, but perfect for office desk and spare in car. bought multiple for samsung galaxy s2 (att)
very good, nice price recommend them 100%. a s d f g h j k l;'' ' m n b v c x z d r t y u i
got 2 cables. received with individual packaged.  it worked fine. used for charging the cell phone.  plugged through laptop, power jack, auto jack.  i will get more.
it works, i don't think the make is cheap/bad quality.looks like any other usb charger cable i had in past.you can't beat the price. i bought it to leave it at workso i can charge my cell while i am at work if needed.
cables was a little shorted then expected but not bad at all. works great. priced great. shipped fast. i am actually thinking of getting a couple more. thanks for the service.
great price for a replacement cable that i desperately needed to charge my phone and transfer files. no complaints here.  
had to wait for a long time to get it,but it works great for my samsung galaxy captivate,i only use it for data transfer from my pc.
purchased the standard looking usb cable, not those other weird ones. cable works perfectly fine it is about 3ft long. delivery was super quick, arrived 1 day before the expected date. definitely purchasing from this seller again is this one decides to go bad.
cheap and it works. this is the second one i bought. it's really convenient to have. i carry it in my purse anywhere i go.
i wasn't expecting much for how much i paid for this cable, but it's indeed oem and works perfectly. definitely nice coming from an iphone where a simple cable like this runs $20 used.
like  i said, it works, these are ok. good enough to use anywhere and keep the oem one safe at home.
was somewhat wary ordering, but works great. used it to jailbreak my apple tv, and that worked. i suppose this works for many phones. cheap, simple, delivered on time, would buy from seller again.
this is the real deal   the manufacturer's replacement   not some third party knock off.  so of course it works just like the original.
i don't know how much is required from a simple usb cable but this one works well. i found it a little stiff but it will go in a car and should loosen up in the heat.good product/delivered on time.
can't beat this deal, i bought several. one for my desk, one for my car and one for at work. it is indeed oem and works great. bought for my samsung captivate galaxy s.
fast shipping, item as described, works perfectly with my nexus phone. wish it was a bit longer of a cord, but still no complaints with this purchase.
it is a cable. and it works. it does exactly what i got it for: charging my samsung phone. and it does.
what can i say, you plug it in and it charges your phone. not to long, not to short. just right.
this is significantly cheaper than buying one in a store. shipping was fast and you can never have too many of these. we place them at our stores and keep them in all company cars to keep us charged up.
i keep this charger at my computer so it can charge while i am working in my home office. now i need to order another so i can keep it at work 
this does e x a c t l y what it's supposed t o d o at a g r e a t price
no problem with this, saved big money vs buying one at target. would recommend this to any one who needs a replacement for a worn out cable.
did exactly what i needed it to do. no complaints! i may buy a few more to have spares around.
it does the job, there is not much to talk about this, you can buy it with confidence, will buy again.
very good quality, more than what i had expected. works well and it also arrived right on time! no complaints at all
this is a great little product that holds it's charge well, shuts off if not in use, and charges reasonably quickly.i highly recommend it, especially if you travel a lot.
yes its my favorite gadget for all my charging needs.must have item,  the battery operate smoothly. i am happy with this product.
convenient size and everything works as advertised.  need to hold power button for 4 secs to start charging, a good precaution against accidental turning on in luggage.
it works perfectly as described and it feels high quality. i bought this for a long plane trip abroad and i'm happy to have it.
this is just a great product! i use it with my ipad, ipod and my iphone! it is very quick at charging!
all was perfect  in original packaging, sealed. ridiculous requirement to have more words.  if you want my review, don't give me a quota to fill!!
this product is amazing!! after returning 3 other chargers, this one was worth the price. ratings are great and i am pleased.
probably the best external battery charger on the market and i would highly recommend it to others who may need one.
i've tried many.  this is the best.  the size is easy to travel with.  i use it all the time even when home.
the best product ever!!!  i carry it with me on my business day trips.  its so convienient and effective.  i saw it with a friend and ordered it the next day.  highly recommended.  worth every penny.
i love this little box! got it to take the place of my new trent itruck, and it more than meets the challenge!
i only bought this one as result of deal for buying the 12000 mah unit.  great for traveling to keep phone, ipods, etc charged up.
i purchased thing device to keep my power hungry iphone4 charged during long photo shoots (weddings agency shoots etc) i am able to fully charge my iphone off this device the entire day more then once as well as my ipad with power bars to spare! a true life saver!!
i've purchased external batteries for my ipods and iphones in the past.  this one is truly outstanding.  very compact and portable yet will charge the iphone multiple times and will almost completely charge an ipad.  quality product.  outstanding value.
i get as many as 5 6 full charges for my iphone from this sucker. great little charger.  i'm recommending it to all my friends.
this is a great back up power unit. i recieved it and then traveled overseas and it provided more then adequate power for my needs. i like the size and weight. a little on the expensive side but a great unit.
i use this for my work on movie sets where we often shoot in rural locations. it keeps my phone charged for those long 17+ hour shoots and could go much longer! nice product that fits easily in my coat pocket.
i am a senior in high school and this has become a real necessity in my daily life. to be able to charge my nexus 7 and iphone 4 fully and have charge left over is amazing. simply love it!
with an extensive travel schedule i needed this external battery.  no more searching for the elusive unused outlet in gate waiting areas for me!
i found this to be superior to the &#34;old&#34; new trent which i think was 11,000.  it's very sturdy and reliable.  can't live without external batteries now that we've got them!
great product cant leave the house with out it keeps my phone charged all day love the fact it stops charging when full
this product is wonderful.  i've got an ipod touch and it really extends the battery life.  i've used it numerous times since purchase and it still doesn't need to be recharged.  the customer service with this company is wonderful and responsive.  incredibly fast shipping also!
i read reviews on pretty much all the other competitors to this device, and i made the right choice. this thing can charge my iphone 5 4 times over, never fails, and seems very durable.
i love using my iphone for everything under the sun but that apple battery is useless. took this charger to me with disney and was totally amazed  i normally don't write reviews for anything but i had to shout loud about this product.don't even bother with any other products.this is it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bought this because my smartphone is constintly needing recharged and i'm not always near an outlet.  couldnt be more satistied, works to charge my phone, kindle, ipod and more.  and can charge on the go, where ever i want.  highly recommend.
i use the imp880 with my itouch and find it an excellent extention to the short battery life of the itouch. the imp880 is a convenient size, lasts a long time and recharges quickly. i am glad to have it.
it took very little time to charge and it worked great! i have used a few others but so far this is the best.
i purchased this to help with times we are out and the phones die. i am very happy with the very small size, i will have to try them out and see if it solves my problem. from preliminary testing, it appears that it will do what i need.
really nice battery more than expected for that price love it and that is all that i have to say about this product!
i have used this "lifesaver" more than 10 times, continues to work as expected and more. i will be using it in a more than 15 hours trip with my ipad, itouch, continue mifi and i'm sure is going to work 100%.joe
agreeing with all the reviews before me. this is a fantastic external backup battery. don't hesitate, go for it.
imp99d works perfectly and rock solid charge even after many weeks of no use.  i would recommend as backup for anyone.
it took me a minute to figure out you had to hold down the on/off button for more like 5 or 6 seconds, but this works great. charges two items at once. and its smaller than i expected. nice product.
i traveled to australia with this and was very impressed how much power it stores. i was able to take a whole day trip to the blue mountains and charged it when it needed. i never had issues and the unit still showed "4 bars". really impressive.
the gadgets are battery hogs, with my imp i can travel without feari will get another 10 to 15 hours for my iphone 4 and ipad 1.nothing more to say.just works!new trent is also a great company!
excellent product, easy to use, holds the charge for months. i highly recomendt it. very user friendly and always tells you at what stage the charge is.
i have tried other external batteries. this one is by far my favorite.well built, nice design. lots of power for recharging my ipad. well done newtrent.
you can fully charge your iphone 5 about 3 4 times. item is light, pretty, and even has 2 usb ports! worth it!
it has gotten myself and my devices out of a lot of binds, and has been a great addition to my tech survival kit. i say everyone should have at least one.
i use it to charge my iphone3g,blackberry bold and acer aspire one. it's working fine for me.
works on my wife's phone and her asus tablet. so she will always have that little extra charge for long days at work or when traveling.
i used it with an ipod touch.  it is a little heavier than i expected.  but, it worked great.  i got more than 5 recharges with an ipod touch.
we do major hiking and use both our phones and this has kept us powered up for as long as we need.
easy to use, no issue charging my ipad.  one problem that i have encountered is occasionally my bb doesn't recognize this as a valid power source.  i recently took it on a trip to india and it delivered all it promised.
this product is great! it easily fits in a backpack/purse/small bag and is perfect for travel when you need to charge your phone/ipad/other electronic device.
this unit has served its purpose well as i travel often and with the power the iphone uses, it is helpful to have a power backup in my pocket.
initially had some compatibility problems with nindento dsi.  wrong cable and/or adaptor was shipped, but battery is great.  after writing my initial review here, vendor responded by shipping correct adapter.  they were very attentive to make sure i was satisfied.
smartphone going dead and your boarding pass is on it (paperless) need to charge your phone   a real saver!!
this is a great battery charger i can fully charge my galaxy s5 4 5 times off one charge. its not to big and has lasted a while so far i am really happy with this product and highly recommend it.
works good. fast charge. it goes where i go.i may get a solar power charge as well as this one
this product has enabled me to extend the use of my ipad during business travel.  i now can continue to enjoy using my ipad while in flight or during an unexpected airport lay over.
purchased this charger because i travel a lot. this does exactly as it is supposed to do and it worked flawlessly when a situation came up and i needed it. great product, great service, and fast shipping.
i have been more impressed with my imp880 than i expected.  it seems to charge my ipad even faster than some of my wall adapters!  don't know how newtrent dit it but good job!
best battery i have. i was able to charge my ipad 4 2x and my iphone 5s 1x on a single charge
i want this to do one thing and one thing only and does it superbly. i have charged it once, let it sit for 4 months and when i needed it i was able to charge two devices.i love it when techy gears works as advertised.
works great with my blackberry bold and my wife's i phone. it is very portable when you are traveling. you will never run out of battery power
this charger is amazing, but if you want a charger that holds even more, go for the icarrier. it'll charge you phone at least once more and not any bigger.
great battery! i can charge my iphone 4 5 times and it's very good!i can recommend this battery! and it's charge ipad to!
at first, i wasn't crazy about its size and ugly design.well,l it just didn't look &#34;cool&#34; like the newer trent models.  but boy, does this one last and last. now, i won't leave home without this one.  the others just don't measure up to this monster power.
it works great but  i dont think that it can charge a psp i tried and it dosnt work, it might work for you but not for me, otherwise great product works like a charm charged my ipad perfectly.
keeps my ipad powered on my long trips to asia.  it does not really have the umph to charge my ipad3 but it keeps it powerd.  all in all i love it
i did a quick test after charging it up and  was able to charge an ipad and iphone at the same time.  let's see how this thing holds up over time.
does its job an can charge my phone from dead to full about 3 4 times before it self needing to be charged. charges fast, my iphone can get a full charge in about 3 hours off of this device while im on it. would recommend this to anyone.
just got this and love it.  my ipad mini has never lasted so long.  great for long trip in the air or on the road.  only thing that would make it better would be more ports.can't recommend this any stronger.
does exactly what it says, no mess, no fuss.  can recharge my iphone up to 5 times on one charge.  full recharge of an iphone is quick, about an hour.  power indicator tells you when you need to recharge the unit.  good price, great product.
i loved it! i took it with me to my daughters washington dc trip and i was able to keep mine, my daughters and three other peoples cell phone and ipods charged all day.it was amazing.  i beleive one other parent even ordered one.thank you, mary
very portable and versatile unit.  charges all our cell phones and itouch's multiple times before needing a recharge.  great unit for traveling in car or on long flights.  nice product!
received and it works well. charged by galaxy s2 3 times and it still had half a charge left. the only downfall is the charging cable that came with the product seems a bit cheap.
i got this for my hubby because he was always needing to charge his phone on trips but didn't always have access to a plug.  he uses it all the time when waiting for a plane or when he forgets his adapter
i try many brands before but the new trent 9900mah back up battery is the best . small and useful you can recharge it with in 7:30 hours and it will charge your iphone 6 7 times
great when you find yourself where you can't find a power outlet. it's been helpful having reserved power with you on the go.
i have a ipad and a iphone that sucks batteries like you can't believe. i use this in airports and on the road with ease.
this is a great product! i can charge my ipod touch, my cell phone, and my laptop with this all at once. it takes about an hour to fully charge my phone and ipod. worth the money!
this battery backup is very reliable.  i use it for my ipod touch and android phone when i travel.
this charger has been a great travel partner for me and gives me peace of mind that i'll always have power for my smartphone, ipad, etc.  i highly recommend it.
this device is great!  it's so reliable and worth the price.  we could not have lived without it on our trip to japan and back.
this little power house was perfect for my travels    more than enough power to support multiple movies and phone with room to spare on one charge.  i recommend this product.
any time my mobile/mobiles need charging and i can't find a plug or i forget the charger that came with my mobile this battery saves meand all the people i work with keep borrowing it from me (i'm the hero now)
have had several new trent devices and this replaces one that finally gave out. even though these are quality products 