i keep this rapid rate charger in my car. it is very handy.
the charger works but it does feel pretty flimsy. i doubt it will last long but it works for now.
i ordered this as a back up to ensure i would be able to use in our cars when needed
i use this on my motorola entice phones.  works well without overheating.  blue light is annoying at night.  i'd rather to see a red/green charge indicator instead of the blue light!
good charger, works well with my galaxy nexus.  the only issue that i have is that the charger is kind of bulky and has a really bright and annoying blue light that cannot be turned off.
good and fair price. i've had a few car chargers over the years, and they all typically last about a year. the little blue light looks cool, and it charges the phone. let's see how long it lasts.
works fine.  haven't used it enough to know how quickly it charges.  the product seems to be good quality.
my gs3 is getting finicky about which chargers will work, and this is one of the few.  charges nice and fast.  we bought two, my wife's broke, but mine is find.
this is a pretty good charger.  can charge my galaxy s3 from 5% to 65% during my 25 minute commute.  my only issue is how bright the light is.  the blue indicator light on the stick is bright enough to light up my console region.
charges faster than any other i've used. only downside is the very bright blue led light that lights up the whole round area of the base. it can be distracting at night
charges at normal rate though like a normal power supply charger.,better than most of the car chargers.does it work.and cheap.i use this mainly for my mobile lumia 820 which i am using as gps device in my car  
i've only used the charger twice, and it's worked great so far. since i haven't used it much, i couldn't give it 5 stars.
i mean it works   it charges my phone (htc one x), but at a rate of about 1% per minute. you can decide for yourself if you would call that &#34;rapid rate.&#34;
lasted me longer than i thought.i really liked the design that's why i spent extra money for this really cool design. sold!! would consider getting another.
the motorola is a micro usb rapid charger. would have loved if the cable was longer or interchangeable, but it is an ok product.
the charger is very well in use for quick and hassle free charging. used it with sony ericsson and it serves very well.
works great in my car when charging any of my devices.  charges my s3 galaxy phone very quickly and the blue light is a nice tough.  a tad bulky, but nothing i can't handle.
pros:perfectly compatible with a nexus s device.nice lightning effect.the cable does not bother at all.cons:a little bit hard to fixed when driving.
this car charger works well for my phone and not too bulky. i actually bought two and keep one in each car.
great to have available in my vehicle at all times.  works wonderful. i am in sales and there have been several times my phone needed charged and it was a lifesaver to have on hand.
i love this adapter. i have ordered two and given them as gifts also. i use it daily and it charges so much faster than any.other product i've tried.
it does what it is supposed to do.  i like the light up end to show that it is working.
no problem after almost a year. cool blue light. charges at an average speed. only 4 stars because the plug is bulky and there's not usb port.
not as rapid as i thought it would be but it charges well enough. it also looks cool with the blue light. could have a longer cord.
product works fine, just as intended.  it feels like it takes a long time to charge, so i'm not sure if that is the charger or if i am imagining it.
the blue light on it is a little bit on the bright side, but its a good quality charger. snug fit with phone usb port
use my droid as a gps so it needs to stay plugged in while on lengthy trips.works great for that and my husband's motorola phone. so if he drives i still have a charge r without worrying about taking along
it charges fairly quickly and looks nice. much nicer than the no brand name one i bought on amazon.com first. definitely worth the money.
charges my motorola droid bionic.  the cable plugs in firmly into my phone and lighter.  the motorola symbol lights up when powered on charger head.
the first one i got broke. ordered a second one. very good product. fast charge, even while using the phone. cool blue light. highly recommend.
this is the exact charger motorola sells, and it's available here at discount for some reason. i love the blue light but it makes it difficult to see when your phone lights up with a new call or text. i definitely recommend this product.
this worked well for me and was affordable.  overall it was worth the money and does a good job for my needs.  it works well not like other chargers that you have to have just right for it to charge.
it should have more power output, new phone need power and this thing can barley keep up if you have a lot of stuff going
you can use this with any android phone and it works great!  i guess some people like the blue light but i really don't.  this will charge phones quick!  i would of given 5 stars if not for the annoying bright blue light on it.
good price. good brand. cool blue light. i've gone thru quite a few car chargers and by far this has been the best one yet.
works great when i need it to charge in my car while i'm navigating. i like the blue light too. overall this item is very accessible.
great product. i am using to charge android samsung siii. works great !!! the price was great and i got it quickly.  i am loving this product and definitely beats buying one from the phone store.
well constructed, it charges all of my devices that use a mini usb jack, cord is long enough with good insulation. would recommend to anyone.
if you're looking for a charger that gets the job done esthetically and efficiently, then this is the vehicle charger you should get!
does what it says on the box. earlier reviewers were right. the blue ambient lighting also has a subtle effect at nite. nice.
charger works as expected for a great price and prime shipping. the cord is longer than most to reach from the ac plug to ear and doesn't unplug. the biggest downfall is the super bright blue illuminated logo, hopefully i can cover or disable it.
its great, nice and fast charge. unique looking and very cool for a car charger. nice blue light not too bright and displays the m logo when charged. so far so good
it arrived on time and in excellent condition.  it does the job but there is a light at the end of the power adapter that is entirely too bright.  it is distracting when driving at night.
i have two of these because these things don't last too long.  i usually charge my smartphone when i am listening to podcasts
nice item i recommend it.nice size wire, wire clip so it dont tangle and cool look. i give it a 4 star
the motorola car charger is a good price, good quality, arrived on time and works as advertised which is pretty darn good.
charges fast and lights up with a nice blue light. i bought 3 (2 phones 3 cars)  if the cable disconnected so i could use with pc i would give it 5 stars.
i use this for my samsung galaxy s3.  it works okay and charges my phone.  occasionally, it goes on and off, which i am sure is hard on my battery.
i rec'd this product without any problems would recommend it to anybody i havent used it yet hope it works i will be traveling in a few weeks will need it then
nothing fancy about this charger.  it works, seems to be of decent quality.  i haven't noticed that phone charges any faster though.  for less than $7, it's worth the money.
the chargers appear to be genuine mot but hard to really tell.  it charges my droid razr but very slowly.  if i am using the phone to talk it stays at the same charge when plugged in as an example.  good value otherwise
this charger is kind of cool when the glass motorola logo lights up.  i use it to charge my razr when i drive, and the charge is fast.i needed it and the price on amazon was good.
works as advertised.looks good with blue light on during charging.price isvery good.would recommend to others to purchase.only used a few times sincenew.
cool motorola blue light. forgot my extra battery and was running out of juice so i plugged this in while using phone and was able to continue using phone. not sure about rapid since it had no benchmark to compare to but the phone charged to 100% so i'm happy.
works well with my galaxy s4 and i like the big blue light so i know it's working.charges fast.
the light is a little annoying when are you driving but its a charger. i don't see anything negative about it.
this works well except for one thing.  the blue light that comes from it is very bright!  i actually had to wrap a piece of black cloth around it so that i wouldn't have it shining in my eyes at night.
the item works as expected. no issues with the charging device over heating which i've read can be a problem with rapid chargers.
so far, seems to work great. seems to charge *roughly* on the order of 1%/minute, which is fine by me.
bought this to replace a defective duracell charger, it charges quickly and has a pretty long cord. the only reason i don't give it 5 stars is the bright bright blue led showing off the motorola emblem. i would suggest this charger! shipped quickly as well
i purchased this charger and used it daily in my truck.  within about 8 months one of the cables inside wore out and it stopped working.  i had to order a second (and third one just in case) quickly.  but, for the price, still a great product.
i've purchased several of these now. they work very well for all of the phones i've used them with. i do wish they'd make the blue led that lights up the logo less bright.
my last one worked great for 12 months, then would light up when i plugged it in but would not charge my phone.  just got another one and works great.  $5 is a great price just wish it would last longer.  stylish looking and cool blue light.
fit and finish seem good. it works. not much else to say. i've had it for about a month and it is still working well.
he comprado este cargador para autom&oacute;viles, tanto por su est&eacute;tica como la propia calidad de los componentes.funciona perfectamente con el nokia c7, samsung focus y nokia n85. un cargador micro usb de buena calidad a un precio m&aacute;s que accesible.recomendado, sinceramente muy conforme con el producto.
must have car charger for the htc evo 4g. so far so good!!! i would recommend buying!! beats buying a 30 dollar one at sprint when this works just as well!!!
it does what it's supposed to do. i just hate the overly bright blue led on it, and had to cover it with electrical tape.
works well.  great value for the price. priced one at the sprint storeand it was $34 and up.gave the other to a friend.this is one of the reasons l like amazon .com
very good product.
excellent charger.  fairly high output.i actually have cracked a few of these open and used the internals to make chagers for motorcycles for myself & friends.works perfectly!
i would have given this 5 stars, but the clear plastic m logo has a tendency to make noise.it it not securely fitted in the charger so it vibrates.maybe if you a v12 bmw or mercedes it might not vibrate.
i have owned several of these. they are great until they die, but they last longer than many others do. i can usually get one to last about 6 months with regular use. good enough.
i love everything about this charger, except the led for illuminating the motorola logo is far too bright.i thought the illuminated logo would be neat, but it is too distracting when driving at night.it is a very nice charger otherwise.
item as described. good product, good price. charges just as well as any other charger i own. would do buisness again. thanks.
it works good. price was good. i would buy again.it fit a phone that was very particular about the charger that was plugged into it.
it does what its supposed to do, it charges your phone while in the car. it does emit a blue light that lights up the car at night. i would buy it again.
it charges my phone in my car, what more can i say? the bright blue light is kind of annoying at night.
plugs in snugly to multiple micro usb phones. no issue with non motorola hardware either. cord has good length to it
great value, good build quality.  but as some of the other reviews mention.it is pretty bright.  if your power point is somewhere prominent, your night driving might get distracted with this. i use it to charge my moto droid, and it works nicely.
for the price, you can't beat this charger. works great on any device i've tried (evo shift, evo 3d, nexus 7) i didn't like the blue glow though so i put this in the wife's truck and took her plain black charger with a single led.
works well, and provides more than enough power, but the light is too bright at night in the car.  i wish they sold one with a red light as well, it would also be nice to add a secondary usb port instead of the light.
this charger charges very quickly, which is the main thing i wanted out of it. however, i wish it was more compact and felt less fragile (the plastic/glass base feels like it could break).
this is a nice charger,m especially for the price. my only complaint is that the blue light is a bit bright but that's more of where my power station is positioned and less about the actual product.
great for a name brand charger. can't beat the price. works well. like the light that shows its charging. works with my moto x
this thing does the job.  seems to charge faster than my old one.  circular end lights up with motorola logo.
my wife and i both like the cool blue light when plugged in. yes it does work well as a charger also!
the circle window at the top of the charger that glows with a blue light, while looks cool, is distracting and really they could have reduced the size of the unit by leaving that off.  it does seem to be of a quality build
works great, charges fairly fast but not rapidly. sturdy and looks very cool.  you cant get a better one for the price
rapid charger only down side is that you have to position your phone in a certain way to get the phone to charge. wire gets a short very easily
works well and charges the phone quickly in the car.  nice to have the glowing ac plug to verify that it's getting power.
old one lasted more then 3 years.  considering i think that is pretty good for being bumped around and steoped on in the car.
works well, i haven't really noticed it being rapid, but it's not slow like an after market charger.  cord is decent in length
our older car phone charger died.  i bought this one for about $7 which is a pretty good deal.  it works.  what else can i say?
it works great. no issues. no much to say. it's a phone charger and just what it's supposed to be.
did what was advertised. it is a good product for your car when you are going on a long trip
i don't know if some people giot knock offs, but mine is legit motorola.  it charges fast and works perfectly.  only thing i don't like is the blue light that it emits is pretty bright at night.
works great, blue light is kinda bright and not necessary. be careful not to display near window, because having blue or red lights glowing in your car is kind of illegal.
shipped on time, works as expected but it takes a very long time to charge not sure if that is expected.
works perfectly! i haven't had any problems with it at all. charges pretty quickly too. the bright blue light is kind of annoying at night though.
awesome product. looks great and performs even better. this car charger is made with a heavier cord so i can see it lasting a very long time.
it is an adequate charger.what more needs to be said.the only negative that i have for this is the blue light is very bright at night and more than a little distracting.
not much to say here. it fully powers my nexus 7 when using bluetooth and navigation. other adapters do not have the juice to run bluetooth and navigation without also draining the battery slowly.
so, it charges.  there you have it.  i have no idea if it charges any faster than other devices, but it seem sturdy enough and it works.  th blue glow is kind of cool, but can be mildly distracting.
i bought a few of theses so that all of us could charge our phones while in the car. it has been over a year and they all still work well. the blue light may bother some, but it is ok with me.
this car cord  works well when charging my samsung  galaxy s3 or my palm pre 2.  the cord is reasonably long  and in general is well made.
well built charger. from motorola. fits well into car plug in, and into the phone.charges quickly and completely. good chord. excellent buy for the monry.
nice lightweight attractive design.  lights up with blue light when in use, making locating the charger in the dash at night very easy.  product is exactly what i needed.
i really don't use it very often, but in a pinch, if your phone runs down, you can charge it in the car, or on my bike even.
whats to say.  a nice utility.  looks neat in the car   like its friendly blue light.  my last one lasted about 3 years plugged in full time.
this is very sturdy,well design auto adapter for my commercial use. so far i ordered 10 of this. i am very happy with it.
i bought it for my google nexus one and my wife'storola spice. no issue, it works fine. no over heating of the phones, maybe a little bit slower than a wall plug charging, and good price.
i am pleased with this charger, it charges my phone super fast and i don't hear any background noise like some of the cheaper charger  will do.
great price. it is very handy to have extras in various places. one was used more in the family car and the outer covering split near the usb connection.next it began loosing connection and i had to toss it away.
i was thinking for the price they would be not so good quality.  but they work and my husband use his all the time at work and have had them a good little while.
works fine
it charges the s3 fine. i don't know how long start to finish, since i don't charge the phone in the car.
unlike a lot of chargers, this one works with high end android phones without soldering. works well and is cheap, however the plug has a tendency to come off eventually.
it works and seems to be of good quality construction.  i used it on a trip and it charged my phone. what more can you ask?
motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger works well for on the road hookup.  charge seams slow, but may be the playbook.
it seems to made well. it comes with a long cord so it can be plugged in while using the phone.
the charger works great.  no problems encountered with this purchase.  long cord and easy to plug in.  charges quickly.  great price.  came quickly.
nothing shocking or outstanding about this. it charges my phone just fine. blue led light really gives away that i've got something plugged in   not good as it stays on even after i've turned my car off   but that's a car feature, not a problem with the charger.
this worked well while driving home, however i wish it charged faster. well worth the price. no issues so far.
it was ordered, it arrived on time and as represented. it was undamaged and it works as represented. an easy, fair and seamless experience
i've been using the product for a few months now and it still works. the adapter lights up whenever you plug it in, which is a cool feature. it charges my phone at a decent rate and the cord is long enough for me. overall, a good product
works great, the led light is pretty cool. though it would have been nice if it was detachable usb plug in like some of the other car chargers i have had in the past. still, good product for the price.
have tried other alternatives in my vehicle to charge the razr. directly into car usb and 12 v plug/usb combo. this is the only accessory that actually charges the phone.
was very pleased with the quality and durability of this charger. quickly charged blue tooth and other devices. does just what the title says: rapid rate charger.
i ordered this car charger for use with my htc inspire 4g which is well known to use a lot of power.  this charger works great, is aesthetically pleasing, and has an unbeatable price. i'm so impressed, i just ordered another one to keep in my other vehicle.
it charges my phone pretty quickly and the delivery was quick. my boyfriend as a smartphone and it takes just a little longer to charge it, but eventually it will be charged.
bought this for  my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months. after that it just stayed in my car. the price and shipping was okay but i wouldn't pay more than what i did for this product.
have not used it long enough to give a true evaluation! will wait and see if it lives up to it's promotions.
only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is that the light can be a little distracting when driving at night.  it's not a big deal, just turn the plug in portion so the light shines away from the driver.  really a very minor flaw.
great charger.  the only bad thing i have to say about it is that the blue light is quite bright.
i use it to charge my bluetooth headset on the car since i rarely take it out.  the blue light thing is sort of weird, it seems rather pointless design and not really functional, but i guess it looks nice.
i bought this to replace a verizon branded charger for my motorola droid razr (original). it charges my device quickly. about the only downside is that it lacks a usb port, so i can simultaneously charge my tablet.
i wanted something nicer than the cheap car chargers that i normally buy.  i am not sure if it charges the phone any faster, but it does survive being mishandled.
by upgrading phones i was forced to buy new chargers.  seeing the price of this one, i was weary, but it works great!  it works well with my blackberry and charges quickly.
performs as described.  you can't go wrong with this inexpensive unit.  i have one for each car.  charges fairly quickly.
nice charger for the car! looks good with a blue light when is on and works perfect with any cellphone with mini usb port. and the price is great!
this works great and wished my bluetooth worked as good.  the reason for the four stars instead of five is it is a little bulky for my liking.
this motorola usb car charger works as expected. no problems. i would recommend this item. well worth the money.great investment.
i use it all the time in my car. gives me a quick charge when needed since i'm not in my car to long. the price was amazing and i like the blue light very obvious.
works, and it looks good!fits nicely with the phone i own, and i have had no problems so far!!!
i haven't had any issues with this charger.  works well.  better than other car chargers i have tried.  would buy again.  in fact, i have.
picked this item up to charge my nexus one on the go.  it's a very high quality item and i've experienced no issues at all.  very happy.
i don't use this adapter on a regular basis, however the times that i have used it, it worked as advertised.
worked as it was suppose to and looks pretty good as well.!!!  like the blue light!very good product and a steal for the price!  
the title says it all. no problems with the charging, does a great job, but the light is way too bright and annoying when you're driving.
.my galaxy siii is just not what it used to be. this charger will charge everything, including all my friends and familys phones (even jump started my car in the dead of winter.lol.now you know better than to fall for that one) just not my siii.
the charger is made by motorola and works great, it is a little big but the blue light is really cool and it fits all micro usb devices.
the blue light that lights up is really cool looking however take note because it is a little larger than most chargers and it gets in the way of my cup holder where other chargers do not.
the samsung charge has a short battery life, so it needs to be charged daily.  having this charger in the car really helps to maintain the battery level while you are on the go.
this is a very stylish and powerful little charger.  it quickly charges my phone and does so in a nice blue glow of the motorola &#34;m&#34;.
bought two, one works fine. one has to be placed upside down to work.
worked pretty for a while.id say about 6 months and then it stopped working. i assume something got smashed and it was fault of mine due to the rough environment i carried it through
plug it in and it charges the phone fast. not much more can be said about this product. have fun.
great product exactly as described.  sturdy and seems to charge fast. would buy again if i had the choice.  shipped fast.  the blue light from the charger i thought might be bothersome while driving at night but it has not been a problem.
this works well in my car, but i just don't trust it to last a long time.  the micro usb port just seems to be bending a little every time.
is a great charger for an excellent price. its not a regular car charger, its a power charger that charges your phone faster than those usual ones. be reminded that this is an original motorola power charger. a must have and must buy item.
very reasonable priced car charger that works well with my droid incredible. i would recommend this item based on the price point and its effectiveness charging my cell.
it works great , i got this as a secondary charger since i have two vehicles so now i have one in each car and i love it, i would recommend this seller
good quality. the blue light is really nice when it is connected. i had it over a year and recently its connector fails sometimes and i need to reconnect it but still works and i l am satisfied with my purchase.
the item looks awesome when illuminated but the connector needs to be manipulated when i insert it into my galaxy s4 otherwise the phone does not recognize it.
absolutely loved this thing until it stopped working one day. not sure if i jerked it the wrong way and some wires got pulled out of whack or what, but i was disappointed!
product works great.  comes in very handy while traveling.  the product was available at a great price and is worth it.
i haven't recorded how long it takes for a full charge to see if it is truly a rapid rate charger but i am pleased with my purchase. good charger for a good price. works and looks great so far.
liked the price and product works thus far.nice and solid design, easy to use and not to big.buy it
i have nothing bad to say about this charger. i've had it a while, still works like the day i bought it.
this charger works great but has an annoying blue light that is distracting at during night driving
decent construction and good output.  the bright blue glow is a bit much and can be distracting at night in the car . a low powered blue led would've been preferable.  otherwise, a good product.
pretty decent buy for what you pay for. love the tangle free wire and the big blue light indicator. i did not do much of research before buying it worked out well in the end
this is my 2nd time purchasing this. 1st one broke in less than 1 year. hopefully this one lasts longer.
does what it says. i have had about 3 of these. i find myself giving them to friends and just replacing them bc they are so affordable.
charges as described for the lg and htc g2. it's a little long so might not work in a center console area without some finagling.
it doesn't charge nearly as quickly as a wall charger, but i think that's to be expected.
works well with my samsung focus. look good with the blue light. the logo is motorola, wish that would be some other generic stuff.
this works pretty well.  the micro usb connector is the weak attribute of the product. i am on my second one in 3 years so they last a lot longer than anything sold on ebay.
feels a little junkie but after using it for 2 months i can't complain for such a price it is really a great deal
this charges my phone just fine.blue led light is suuuppppperrrr bright at night, so i just have to rotate it sideways so the plastic screen is hidden.
i like the price, i like the curly cord, but i don't like the bright blue light in the circle. however i can just turn the light so it isn't in my peripheral vision at night.
i get a lot of use out of these for both mine and my wife's phones (galaxy nexus and s2).  we have one in each car and we're good to go for phone charging on the go.
the charger came with all of the correct motorola markings and holograms. it matches exactly the charger i bought at the verizon store 2 years ago for my original droid.yes the charger will last a long time.
the "hoop" design with blue light is obnoxious but this charger charges my samsung galaxy in high speed "outlet mode", instead of slow "usb mode".  recommended.
had to have a charger for my car as my old one did not work with my new phone. as charges go, it works well. never had a problem with it and i don't have to worry about a &#34;dead phone&#34; when i travel.
the charger does what it's supposed to do. i have a samsung galaxy s3 and it charges my phone perfectly well.
as stated by previous reviewers, this particular micro usb car charger works better than others i've tried/used with a secure connection, acceptable charging speed, and unimportant but attractive blue light. i even bought a second as a gift with equal satisfaction. recommended.
charges the phone and was not that expensive. why pay a lot more for a verizon charger when this one will do just fine
i bought this for my droid, and it works just dandy.  it chargers the phone in the car, what else is there to say?
i bought this one for my wife's cell and so far it has worked well. the blue light on the charger looks cool and the little clip on the cord does well to keep the plug from being trampled in the floor board.
this was the 3rd car charger that i tried with my htc arrive, including the htc dual usb car charger. this was the first that could actually charge the battery while using navigon for navigation. i will be ordering another for the wife's car, too.
great quality. i was reading about certain knock offs of this and i am certainly glad i didn't get one. this is fast and convenient.
works as advertised. the coiled cable is a nice touch. i like that it is a rapid rate charger and has an led. the led is a bit bright at night sometimes. the charger sticks out a bit excessively.
i am currently on my second charger. the first one lasted about 6 months and still works but doesn't stay in as well and floats in an out of charging. the charge is extremely fast for a car charger and for the price, can't beat this charger.
the cord is a bit short, though it meets my needs. it charges by old htc cellphone well. i also like the light up 'm'. gives a little extra light in the car at night.
these arrive quickly and are of better quality than the cheaper chargers.  the light inside is pretty cool and they are good at rapidly charging the phone in the car as well as other devices.
delivered quicker than expected and works fine   not particularly enamored with the bright blue light but is great value in a cell phone charger
bought two.  they work.  i am always sensitive to how hot they become due to other reviews.  sometimes they get hot and sometime they don't.  they work and they were a fair price
i went through 2 verizon branded chargers in about a year.  they both failed and weren't cheap.  this one is still going strong.  i do miss having the second usb charging port, but a least this one works.
this works really well, it even charges my galaxy nexus while running navigation. the one issue i have is the bright blue light. it's really distracting at night. still, some black electrical tape fixed that.
great car charger! works on any of my android phones and is easy to use and install. i would def recommend it.
we like it very much, place a lot of trust in motorola products!you get what you pay for.  don't go cheap.
perfect when you for get to charge your phone . would reconmend this charger good size cord long enough but not to long .this a perfect product for your car easy to use .
i have had this charger for a while and it works wonderfully.  it ocassionally gets tossed around in the car and seems to handle this without issue.
when i run out of battery the charger does it job but its have junk look in my own  view
works well, great price.i have used this quite often.  it works well, does not overheat and the price was great.i recommend
it works fine just seems to take longer to charge than my other charger. i like the color of the light.
it is a notch better built than the usual discount adapters that i buy.  the indicator light that shows when it is properly inserted into the car power slot is useful.
i was hoping it would keep my galaxy nexus charged while using navigation app, but it still slowly drains.  other than that it works.  the charging port is narrow allowing you to plug it in even in tight spaces.  and it was a good price.
it's a very good product, very fast charge and i have to worry not charging at home. i recommend! i
lasts about six months with daily use. i have it connected all day in my truck. it lasts much longer than a non oem charger.
seems to work just fine for my droid4. i would purchase this product again if i needed another car charger.
this has been a great charger for a low price. it charges the phone way faster then the previous cheap car charger i used to have. i highly recommend this charger.
look, it's inexpensive. will it last a long time. probably not but for the price if it last more than 6 12 months it's completely worth it.
my friend use the one in my truck and wanted to take it with him all the time so i ordered one for him his phone is going dead all the time
came packaged good.  worked out of the box.  i like the blue light feature when plugged in.  has worked great so far
works great and i love that it has a light when it is properly charging.
product arrived in timely manner and works well with my phone. i'm not sure about the rapid  charge but like the charger. also like the blue light. i can find it at night.
the blue led at base lets you know it's plugged in and has power.  i haven't tested the speed of charging times, but it does what it's advertised to do.
this is a motorola unit that does precisely what it's designed to do.i have one in each of my cars.
charges the galaxy nexus well. 15 more words required? really? why? umm, well this is awkward. and we are done.
i only use it 5 times since i just plug it in my vehicle when the phone is low. works good so far.
charges the phone like its suppose to.  nice blue led to lottery you know it's charging.i would recommend this.  enjoy
some drivers may be annoyed by the bright blue led at night, but otherwise, this charger gets the job done.
i ma very pleased with this charger and i paid a fraction of what it would have cost in the store.
i needed a car charger for my android phone. saw this with one of my friend and ordered this. works well & looks elegant. i like the light which glows up.
had bought one about 8 months ago and just recently stopped working. bought another one because i loved the other one so much. fast charge.
sometimes the adapter can be touchy, and you have to lay it just right, but that could be my phone, otherwise for a little more than two dollars, it was well worth it.
it's not a rapid charger, but provides the power you need when on the go.  it's a pretty good deal.
it feels cheap, so 4 out of 5 because it might break.  otherwise, no problems.  works fine so far, and the price was right.
nice blue lcd glow. 1/4 the cost of the motorola car charger i bought from verizon. bought 2 of these for my cars. works great for my droid 2.
the charger did the job but if i realized that alot of the electronics now are sharing common plug charge to upload ifo
i ordered the wrong charger, i ordered for the razr2 instead of  razr 3.
i use this to charge my samsung galaxy s3. i like how it charges the battery quick, but sometimes the blue led light that shines in the circle motorola emblem gets kind of annoying. however it is extremely cheap, and does its job!
i like that you can see blue light when the charger is actually running so i don't have to have it sucking power all the time it is plugged in.rapid charge capability is also handy    works without issue on both galaxy ii and galaxy iii
the blue light that illuminates when charging can be overwhelming when driving at night. looks find during the day and charges just fine.
i like it. it works just fine. the style of it is pretty cool. i recommend  this to anybody who wants a cheap car charger for androids phones.
stylish works good. and i appreciate the long cord! fast delivery great price even tho j have a htc one it works just fine.
i would have given it five stars, but i think the fact that it works shouldn't automatically earn it. i am, however, very happy i bought it. if you need a charger for your samsung galaxy phones, this is the one to get.
works well. so far so good, and looks good too. it does not heat up as many other chargers do.
works as intended charges fairly quick for a samsung galaxy s3. it does light up the car blue kind of too bright.
this charger is not bulky and so is not in the way when being used. my phone charges very quickly.
i bought this last aug 2010 and used it almost every day.  just this past week, it started getting looser and not being able to charge my phone unless it's angled or pressed a certain way.  overall, a pretty good value, just wish it had lasted longer.
bought the charger for my htc incredible and i've only used it a couple of times, but it works well so far. it's a micro usb connection so it works with most smart phones out there.
love this charger.charges all my phones as it should haven't had any problems.very reliable and doesn't seem flimsy like others i have bought
it works. it's not rapid though. just a normal charger.  fits tight in my daughter's phone and we have had a hard time finding a charger that works for her. it looks very expensive though. very high tech.
this item works very well and i have not found any problems with it. it keeps my blackberry phone charged with out any problem.
the blue glow is distracting while driving at night, otherwise it does the trick.  charges my phone effectively, without overheating it like my last one.
my old charger wouldn't even charge my phone enough to use gps.this one is great!  still charges slowly when using gps, but charges about 1% / minute which is worlds better than my last car charger.
charges fast. looks great! priced right! i like the stylish blue light with the easy gripping design. light reminds me to take it out the charger.
this charger works much faster than my old motorola vehicle charger, and i haven't had any  issues with my droid 3 while using it (which i have had with other motorola chargers).  i also like that the cord is longer than some others.
it's a great charger fast and awesome. i would recomend it to all my friends i liked it so much that i purchased two of them.
the price was great, and shipping was fast. it seemed like the one i received slipped through qa, but they were extremely prompt and helpful in resolving the issue when i contacted them. definitely worth a shot, but plug it in before you throw away the packaging, just in case.
this is a cool looking functional charger for my smart phone. it works well and looks good im happy with it
nice, well made. plugs in the phone with no problem. some chargers tend to get loose with time and not stay plugged in. this one fit perfectly. it is somewhat bulky.
i like the charger. my issue is that the last time i purchased this item the charger stopped working few months later. i hope this is not the same case with this one
feel good, looks good. this is what you want to get i like the glowing light, it makes it look better that the old lame at&t one i had.
pretty blue light pretty blue light pretty blue light pretty blue light and black cord.  your mama will love this grand device.
i needed a microusb car charger for my virgin mobile android venture phone. i haven't extensively tested the charge rate, but it has freed me from needing a wall outlet to charge my phone when i'm out and about.
it does what it's supposed to, keeping my phone and other accessories charged in the car, and without costing much.  the bright blue glowing &#34;m&#34; is a little annoying though, and must be oriented away from my eyes while i'm driving.
nice cable. well made. fits firmly in micro usb slots. i wish the cord were not coiled and a bit longer, but other than that, no complaints.
works well and is faster than my wall charger.
great price to charge my droid in the car.  definitely beats prices that verizon would have charged me.  no problems with it and i've used it for several years now.
i bought this item for my boyfriend who always forgets to charge his android phone. the charger is easy to get around in the car, doesn't obstruct the cup holder and glows a very pretty blue! the charge is perfect and so far no problems what so ever. great product!
it is well designed and works very good with my sumsung galaxy s4. i recommend it for its shape and flexible cord.
great value rapid car charger. you can not beat price. i spent more on other inferior products. this works great and very satisfied with purchase
performs like it should but the led indicator only stays blue, i think it's suppose to change when the phone is fully charged. no big deal though. very fast delivery.
works good so far.  looks and feels like a quality product.  the blue led light highlights the motorola symbol very nicely
i needed something to replace my original charger for my phone in the car. this was an inexpensive solution that is also attractive.
i like that it lights up. charges at a good speed. don't like it gets hot along the side where the metal is.
works alright.just doesn't charge my phone very fast. i had it plugged in for over an hour and i barely had a quarter if battery still.
i bought a couple of these for my droid.  they work better than the device they charge, ha ha ha ha ha, but that is another issue that will be resolved in approximately 8 months and 15 days.
good charger, charges as quick as any other car charger i've used.  nice quality and hopefully will withstand more wear/tear than some of the $1 chargers i've bought other places.
i have used this for about a year. the blue light is pretty bright but it still charges my phone so ill deal.
low cost to keep in your car or truck. it has charged my cell phone many times. the best part is you can plug in the phone to charge and still use it.
good quality for the price. works on all the micro usb devices i have.the blue led is a nice touch.
this does charge significantly slower than the home charger, although i'm not sure if that is per usual or not.  it looks beautiful and does the necessary job, just at a slower pace.  the price was so right though.
my first one failed after 5 or 6 years of use.  works well, and charges the battery quickly.  not sure how long it will last this time, but for under $10 you cant really go wrong.
really very decent car charger and considered its price, this is a real good deal.i'm satisfied with this item.
it's the only charger i found that would charge a motorola i776. nothing else would work. overly bright blue light, but a small price to pay.
great blue glow when jacked into the car socket. nice long cord. fits well into the phone unlike some others that don't sit too securely connected. works perfectly!
this was very interesting.  i did not know  that this was included in my package.  it really works and i am glad that i made this purchase.
works really well. the blue light is cool, although at night i have to turn it so it doesn't glare in my vision. the adapter works very well, even many months after purchase. would buy again.
love the 1.0 amp charge rate.  the blue light gets on my nerves a little bit though.  work well though.
the charger works. it charges my htc inspire 4g, but not at a rapid rate, which is the only reason that i didnt give it five stars.
seems to be working well so far. used it for a few days and haven't had any problems. i will update if anything changes.
no problems with this whatsoever, it works as it should, good build quality, can't say a bad word about it
great for the price! i use it all the time in the car.  looks flimsy, but has lasted me for the last 6 months and no issues so far
brought this to go in our second car so we wouldn't have to carry the one we had from car to car, works very well
i purchased this charger for my wife.  i would question the rapid rate of charge though.  it seems no faster than cheaper models of charger.
good charger for samsung galaxy 3. it does the trick and it wasn't expensive. i recommend this to anyone who needs a car charger and doesn't want to spend a lot of money.
i like the cool blue motorola accent that lights up when it is plugged in. it charge's my phone quickly,which is a nice. i also like the extra long cord or there is a plastic clip to make it shorter,nice.
as stated in previous reviews i read it does what it's supposed to do for a reasonable price.just take a look every now and then to verify that the plug is properly placed and that the phone is indeed recharging.the lighted motorola logo is very helpful in that respect.
not fast, but does it's job with cool blue light. even though my phone is galaxy 3, i don't have any other problem.
this charger does charge fast and the quality is excellent for the price.  the coil cord is nice and it never gets twisted.  one thing i did experienced was that if you have it plugged in the wrong angle, it falls off time to time.
didn't want to waste my money on the $1 adapters.  i had this same adapter for a verizon zx 60 worldphone a few years ago.  turned it in with the phone (mistake).  never any issues with the charger.
i plug this thing into the wall and then into my droid. the droid then charges over time. seems good.
it works well enough, charging my phone at a decent rate. the cord is not very long at all, and the bright blue light is much brighter than i'd like, it's downright distracting at night. i'm thinking of taking it apart and removing the bright blue led.
charges very well, wish cord was a little longer. the blue indicator light could have been a little less obnoxious
the product was as described and works well.  came in a timely manner as well. works as well as my original charger did, just needed an extra one.
it has not failed me so far. the blue led just a tad bright for my taste but oh well.
very good product for the money.  much better than the piece of junk that came with the phone.  would recommend to others.
sold packaging.  nicely designed. little on the large size, but does the job its designed to.
works well enough.the blue light is a bit bright.solid construction.wish there was a usb version like this.
does what i need it to do. does not seem to heat up the cell phone battery like the cheap ones do.
it does what it is supposed to do but it is really bright during night hours and a bit distracting.
this charger has worked and held up well, but the glowing &#34;m&#34; on it (it glows blue) is extremely bright.sort of a pita when driving at night
great car charger, for a fraction of the price at your local store.  excellent buy for the money! product was shipped fast and worth every penny.
it works well.  i take it with me. it's fast and very convenient when your out and you need a quick charge.  i recommend it.
charges phone up quickly. don't always have time to wait for a regular charge time.  i appreciate  having the product.
what more can be said about a cable.  it is a cable and it works.  could be cheaper for what you get.
this is a great product, works as expected. i highly recommend this to use to charge your phone. also at a good price.
i  had to buy a 2nd one of these, but it works as advertised.  the first one stopped working after about 1 year.  as long as it doesn't fail to soon, i'm happy with it.
still broke after some time, better than others.  wish usb implementers forum could enforce a better standard of securing usb connectors.  perhaps it's about time to use a magnet and/or induction?
i'm not entirely certain of the rapid rate of which the product claims to have, but it does charge my phone at a reasonable rate
works great. so far it has lasted long then the previous chargers i've had. charges pretty quick in the car.
does what it's suppose to and for a decent price. however, gives off an annoyingly very bright blue light when plugged into the outlet.
standard micro usb car charger, but better quality coming from motorola than most of the really cheap chargers available from other sources.
the only thing i dislike about this is that it emits a blue light that is distracting when i am driving at night.
works great, love the blue light! would reccommend to others. fits in my car well and is not in the way.
another product, not too much to say. it works. its not as fast as i want (who doesn't like instantaneous results), but it works well.the blue light is pretty bright at night.
charges superfast!  could be less bulky, to much wire, too big of a plug.  can't blame the unit for that, though.
i got it for 6.95 and with prime shipping was free so a great price. the only thing i do not like is the overly bright blue led when driving at night. black tape solved it but wish it was less bright.
i have this in my car. i have a usb to micro one and this one in my car.it charge my phone and i'm happy.the blue light is spiffy and neat and it reminds me that the car is on (prius fyi) and it's charging.
using this to keep my htc phones charged in the car.  has worked flawlessly and was a good price.  will order others for my other cars.
this charger does everything it is supposed to do but could do without the bright lighup logo that shines on my windshield.
although the style is cool with a blue light up and is very cheap. the plug into the phone became "wobbly" within my htc incredible so the phone only recognized it some of the time.  however, since it's so cheap, i replaced it with another.
i really pike the blue light which gives it a classy feel. matches the decor of my car. not too short not too long. durable and cheap. couldn't find it anywhere else.
love the blue neon looking symbol. it looks great at night. i get alot of compliments for it. oh yeah and i charges the phone well.
i needed a bungie style micro usb to 12 v car adapter. this fit the bill perfectly and even has a status light when charging. great product, high quality.
this adapter does everything it's supposed to do. my only complaint, if you want to call it that, is the power light. it's a bit too bright for me, though there is never any question that the adapter is plugged in and power is available!
love this. works perfectly, amazing price and no fuss. would recommend and would order again. great for many different kinds of phones.
this is a very sturdy charger, and i use it all the time with no problem.  the top of the charger lights up when the car is on, but because it is a closed compartment, the light doesn't affect my driving or distract me.
this is a great item, at a great price. it charges the phone super fast, better then most chargers out there, an the blue glow color looks awesome at night.
works great. looks cool. does not charge my phone as fast as i thought it would. does not feel rapid more standard to me.
this charger i use all the time to charge my phone not even that but my nexus 7 !as you know nexus 7 needs to have alot of battery charging power to charge a powerful device
i hope that all products are of the same quality, i have several days testing and is a magnificent product
the product worked just fine.  i was expecting a lower quality product based on the price, but everything was solid and works great.
this charger isn't very rapid, but it gets the job done when i don't have anywhere else to charge my phone.
it charges pretty well.  i'm not sure if it's a rapid charger but it charges fast enough for what i need
it's a little long sticking out from the socket in the car, but works well and reasonably priced.  glows a faint blue color to show it's working.
i bought the samsung s4 and am happy with it. i am even more happy with having the ability to charge in my truck.  in my 30 min drive to/from work, it will charge my phone about 25%.
has a nice blue light for inside your car, it is a little bulky for the price but gets the job done
very quick charge, good quality. i don't like that the cord is underneath the body of the charger, it seems like it would snap or break much easier but so far no problems.
hard to get excited about a car charger, and i haven't had it long enough to vouch for its reliability. this is a nice looking charger, has the appearance of a quality build and it is a motorola. at this price.tough to beat. shipping was prompt as well.
this is great it allows you to quickly replenish your cell battery while driving. i was abled to charge to 70 or more percent in just 30'ish minutes. great product and good price.
what can i say, it charges phones. it works for any phone with a micro usb port. it seems like it's bigger than most for no reason though, that's the only reason it gets 4/5.
not exceptional, but works fine (have been using for a month). i like it and would recommend to everyone.blue light is handy to see whether it works or not. long extendable cable.
it works very wellhtc evo 4g professional blue led car charger for your phone with digital rapid and slow charge features!
it's a good charger, it definitely does its job.  my only complaint (otherwise i'd have given 5 stars) is that it's a bit large, with the unnecessary blue ring sticking out   this interferes with my cupholder.
this lasted a few months but the wiring is a bit fragile. don't pull on the wire from the plug too much and youll be just fine.
nice, i liked it and it was just the same as shown on the site and glows beautifully while driving at night
pros: works well and seems to be made with quality.cons: led light (mortolla insignia) stays on when the supply is plugged in.  this is slightly distracting while driving at night.
used it with several different manufacturers' phones with no issue. my only gripe is the lighted motorola logo can be a little distracting at night. if you take a second to twist it in the right direction, you can minimize the glare.
no issues so far using it in my car everyday for charging my cell phone, i have a motorola atrix 2 and this works fine with that have not tried other cell phones so far
i have not had any problems with the product. the price was great and i would buy it again. the cord could be a little bit longer, but works in my car.
exactly what i needed for my droid 2.  would have preferred a smaller unit that would fit in my center storage bin. that would have been perfect
works better then the one i bought at walmart and cheaper. the blue light can be bright to some people. i like how the m is lit up when plugged in.
fits loose in my lighter plug   not sure if that's the fault of my car or the device. i had to wrap a little elec tape around it to keep it from bouncing loose and that seemed to do the trick.
so far we have had no problems with this car charger for our galaxy s4 phone. it's worked great and have had no connectivity problems
took me awhile to get used to the glowing blue adapter.  when it is dark out and i see the reflection in the window i always thought i was getting pulled over.  works great, does its job just had to get used to the reflection in the window.
i like this charger and use it a lot.  it arrived on time and in good condition.  i recommend it to anyone who needs just a charger for their cell phone.
i got a very cheap car charger for my phone and it didn't even keep up with the drain caused by using phone for gps.this charger works much better.
the blue light is a bit bright at night, but i just turn it in the power socket so it points away from me and it's fine.  life saver on long trips when the gps eats my phone battery.
this charges my phone.  i don't get a full/rapid charge, but it does charge my phone and keeps it going if i need to use my navigator.
this charger does a good job of charging my htc one, but i am not sure that it is any faster than any other car charger.
works well and has pretty good aesthetics. durability is an issue of this product. you are lucky if you can get more than 3 months of life out of it. generally not bad consider the price; even if you have to replace it every a few months.
i could do without the blue glow, but otherwise the charger is priced right and works great.  unlike some other chargers i've had in the past, it doesn't fall out over time.
using it for more than a year. it works perfectly, and the blue led light also good, you don't have to on the overhead lights in the car all the time.
definitely a good product to recommend!it works for my htc amaze 4g as well.nice price and product for sure.
great price for a great item. it works perfectly and its so convenient to have in your car takes up no space.thank you for the fast delivery.
was looking for a car adapter since the last 2 i had failed me. this has worked without issue and even works for a friends motorola which needs a longer connector.
works with my motorola droid razr and it came pretty fast in the mail dont know if its an official moto product since i read the reviews but its worked for me no problems
this works for charging my droid bionic as i had hoped.  while it did blow the cigarette lighter fuse in my older car, it's worked great in my wife's truck so far.  after i replaced the fuse in my car, this has since been working well.
i did get three years of service from this unit. seems to be pretty good service life for one of these. one day it just stopped working tho'. if you rely on your car chargers heavily, consider a back up.the blue light effect is aesthetically more pleasing that the red versions.
this car charger works fine with my optimus v phone. the charge may be a little slow but for the price i consider it a good value.
works great but is long and the big motorola logo on the end gets in the way in my car.
it's convenient and has a clip to make the cord shorten. the blue light comes on to indicate that your cord is properly plugged
great price; much cheaper (price) than what you pay at the store. i like the blue light when it's plugged in; easier to see in the dark.
the glowing charger head (blue) is distracting when driving at night.  otherwise, the product works very well, much better than my smartphone's original.
bought this for my husband & i'm getting ready to buy one for myself, as well. works well   charges quickly.
i purchased this product to use with my htc evo 4g sprint phone, works perfectly so far!  have had it for a few weeks now without any problems.  can't beat the price, and the shipping was quick.  looks nice & sleek as well!
very usefull adapter.  seems to be in tune with the charging system of my car in that it does not drain my battery excessively.
works as expected, the light looks nice although i find it annoying at night so i typically leave it unplugged until i need it.
nice car charger, feels a little light weight, might break easy. i was expecting the light to be on the part that plugs into your phone but i love that it lights up blue.it is my favorite color. charges my phone well.
great charger and works with a variety of phones. the blue light of the motorola 'm' is nice to know it is powered up, plus it gives it a stylish look at night.
powers my motorola defy xt with confidence knowing it is oem sealed.  too early for '5' stars (purchased 2 months ago) . nice blue light too.
this does the job, and it is so much better than my old verizon provided charger (that constantly came loose). the blue glow while it's charging helps you remember it's there.
i had a usb adapter for my car that charged really slowly. i bought this hoping it would be faster, and it was. galaxy nexus
it does wat it says it will do just fine. it plugs in and charges the phone right up in about 45 min to an hour from 10 15% battery life remaining.
this works really well, definitely is a rapid charger.  it has a really long cord which i think is really nice.  the logo on the charger glows bright blue, which i find distracting, but it isn't horrible.
i needed a phone charger for my galaxy note 2 and this one works great. no complaints and it charges the phone very quickly.
great and i would buy again from this seller. great and i would buy again from this seller.great and i would buy again from this seller.great and i would buy again from this seller.
like my title says, it's a car charger!  i like the blue light, very cool!  but it does what it is supposed to.  no complaints.
i ordered this adapter charger and the sprint samsung galaxy s lll 3 s3 l710 gta series premium 8ft ic protected car charger. this one works! the sprint product evidently was a knock off as my phone overheated when using it. so it was not ic protected.
this is my second one. i broke my first one, when the power seat ran over it when it was on floor. so completely my mistake on that. second one working fine. car charger for 5 bucks, come on thats a deal.!!
this is a motorola product, not a cheap chinise special.  well made and works perfect! works on all brands not just motorola.
does the trick, charges me bas ass epic 4g no problem.  like to soft blue light and the long collied makes it reach anywhere in my car.
worked great for about a year before my samsung galaxy s3 stopped recognizing it as a charging device for some reason.  because of the great price i simply purchased another. cant beat the price even if it only lasts for a year!
i dislike the blue light it emits when plugged in and wish there was a way to turn it off or reduce the intensity.
this is the best power adapter i have purchased.  good length and all.  sometimes i wish the socket end was more discrete.
i have this thing for more than a year now and i love it. it works perfectly! is attached to my car 24/7 and never stopped working.
works the way it said it would. there's a very bright blue light when it's plugged in, it would be distracting for some. personally i like it a lot.
it worked as expected. i use it with my motorola atrix. good backup charger since atrix doesn't hold charge for long time
i would give a 5 except for the fact that it is longer than the other chargers that i have used in the past.  i am happy w/my purchase
the only con i have is the cord is a bit stiff and does not allow much flexibly in where i am able to place my phone that i use often in my car.  works great otherwise and i know the cord will get some give over time.
works fine. chargers seems to be fast and steady for a small price the cord is long which is good in my case
i bought it for my google nexus galaxy.  it charges the phone fine.  but when my wife connected her 4s to it, there's no charging activity.
the motorola vehicle power adapter has been a good charger for my droid. i would recommend it to most everyone.
great brand name charger for the price.  only thing i would change about it would be to make it smaller.
shipping took longer than i liked but the product works just fine.  no problems.
it works fine in the car and it has a extra long cord.  it is a lot easier to connect than the one that came with my samsung galaxy s2 phone.
i serves the purpose but can be difficult to press into the charging slot of your car.  i recommend pressing the prongs down to make sure they fit.  would not recommend for people who have trouble with grip.
the make and details of this charge is beyond my expectation given its price. however, don't leave it plugged in your car, otherwise it could drain your battery after few hours.
it charges fast and full battery. cool design. i made sure we got the original version by motorola as some buyers were describing.
its decent. isnt as rapid as i thought it would be but its good!i would recommend it to anyone !
i purchased 2 of these a year ago and one of them stopped working but the other one is still working. i have recently purchased an addition unit as the price for a rapid charger is good.
nice car charger that actually puts out a decent charge to your phone, a lot of them just trickle like a usb cord, now by the time i get home my phone has a decent charge on it.
great charger. looks and works great for any phone using a micro usb charger. charges phone pretty fast too. id suggest it to anyone.
its the same as the original car charger that comes with motorola phones. the cord is slightly annoying, but works better than most car chargers so would definitely recommend
although not an oem apple product this cord works fine. the only way you can tell any difference is the usb end is rounded where the apple version is square.no big deal and worth it to save some $.
cable works and charges well. a tad sticky pulling it out of iphone 4s. but for under a $1 it can't be beat
could not tell the difference from the apple one, works just fine, i am happy with the purchase. not sure why anyone would be negative about the quality.
decent charger, broke after a while but it was only for a spare!
good cord.  works for charging and syncing.  not quite the same as the cord pictured on the amazon product page.
good product. works well with my iphone g3s. good seller. secure shipping.  recommended seller , feel safe buying from them.
good value but not the oem thing. no problems with it so far and i use it daily, but it looks and feels a bit flimsier than the apple original. buy several!
great! its just as described! wished shipping was a bit faster, but the price is something you can't complain. it charges my iphone 4 fine and is very useful.
i bought four they all look just like the new iphone 4s cords. ive used them and they are nice so thats about it
if you abuse them and bend them like a lot they will rip but still work. the ripping won't happen with the oem apple ones but what do you expect for less than a dollar.
i like this item. but sometimes it's a little short from my desktop. i have my actual computer on the floor. it's a good product. i hope everyone takes advantage of this good deal.
i ordered a couple of these to use as replacements and they work great! i read the description and reviews before ordering it really helped.
i purchased this cable as a replacement fro the original that came with the ipod and it does the job pretty well as expected, good purchase for a good price.
i read a lot of bad reviews. the ones i got are good. no breakage or swollen plastic so far. one is in my car and the over on my office laptop.i recommend it.
i think it varies with the seller, so for the record, "niceeshop"  sent me a working cord that charges my ipod fine without blowing it up or taking forever or whatever problems others have had.
just the perfect price for a daughter and my son's dog who likes to chew. the price was the best thing ever. thanks amazon. com for your great service and especially the great prices they can't be beat.
nice productgood productwhat the heck "describe your experience with this item"?what else is there to say.omg! i cannot get out of this post.i might have to decline any more reviews.
the cables seem really original, i bought 4 but received 1 with conection wrong, this came with firewire connector and not usb.
the cable works perfectly like an original one. highly recommended product. works perfectly with all the "i" gadgets.  received the cable in the designated time.
the good price prompted me to buy a spare cable. quality is comparable to the oem cable. transaction met all expectations.
this cord is just like the original!  you can use this cord for a replacement, or for an additional charging station.
this is an actual apple usb cable. amazing with the price difference. it's worth it to buy this if you don't need it right away. it takes a month to get to you which is the only downside.
this isn't the actual apple usb cable but this will definitely do the job for my iphone 4. sync is nice and fast and the charging time is just as good.  
this item broke rather quickly. you get what you pay for, i suppose. good for a quick and temporary fix.
this item i rated as 4 star as occasionally when i would plug it in, it would not make the proper connections and therefore would not always work.  giggling the connector solved the problem.
this product is as advertised and works fine. i got it in the time frame as expected from the vendor and no problems using them after 1 week.sure beats the price that apple charges.
this works as well as my original apple cord, can't tell the difference.  no complaints.  i paid a few extra dollars for one that got good reviews and think that that was worth it.  (ordered from the seller cellular 5 star.)
very close match to the real cord ! i ordered ten more to have them on reserve . i would recommend these all day long !!!
we leave these in hotel rooms all the time so i need some that are cheap and can be replaced easily.  if i go to a phone store they charge $20 for a replacement cord.  these work great for what we need.
what can i say. cords either work or don't. works fine for my wife's iphone 3gs. am somewhat concerned for durability as the cord seems flimsy. we are not hard on cords so this should not be an issue. great price.
as other people mentioned cable works just fine.but it will not fit in if your iphone has a bumperbut since it worked fine for ipad i switched the cables.
came right on time. came in a yellow envelope. so great i ordered another one. since its new it was a little hard to connect to my ipod the first time wich was expected. all in all great item.
daughter order this and loves the heck out of it. of course she not longer has it because she trades them at school. good thing they are cheap.
fits my iphone 3gs, charges it quickly when connected to a wall adapter and syncs with my computer. unfortunately i'm not able to charge my phone by connecting it to my computer because i get an error message, besides that, works great.
great product. good manufacturing.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . yyy
i was extremely happy with the order. it came quickly and worked but the cords fell apart after a couple of weeks. well you get what you pay for.
just bought it, i don't know how long it will last, cause i have doubts about thatbut it looks good until now.
received on time and is exactly what was ordered, my only regret is that i could not find an equivalent of a none apple color (white)
the cable is a decent size and it's fully functional on my end. it works on my ipod too. overall i am satisfied and recomend for purchase 
these chargers break easily. luckily they are very cheap. i have them all over the place just in case one stops working. other then that they get the job done!
this cheap charging cable worked for me without any problems. i decided to buy this even though there was a lot of negative reviews. i had to try it, it was cheap. i guess i was one of the lucky ones.
this cord came and it fits my nano and i am glad that i could find it. my daughter wanted to know why i didn't order her one, but she eventually ordered her own.
this cord has a stronger connection than the original cord, which i really like, but i'm pretty sure it's also shorter. not really a fan of the length, but it works well for my desk at work. if the cord was long, it would get 5 stars.
this is kept in the car to have in case i need to charge my iphone or ipad.  it worked well the one time i tried it.  the price is great, so i would recommend it.
this works grate however the molding around the lighting connector is to wide to go into a life proof case.
unlike other generic usb sync and charge wires, this isn't made of cheap easy to tear material, this will last.
works fine but seems to plug into device very snug. other than that, seems good quality and charges device well
works fine. one of the cables started to fray at the connection after a few weeks but continues to work. worth the inexpensive price i think!
the charger was a little bit big for the 4th generation ipod touch, but it fits.  i originally thought it was too big, but it fit, but just barely.  it charges just fine!
you can tell that the cable and the plastic head are a little thicker than the official ones provided by apple, but i've been using it for a year to charge my iphone 4s with no problems.
save the money and buy this usb. saves you money compare to the apple brand one that cost a fortune.
arrived before suggested time frame. ordered two sets so i have additional for when the cord breaks as it tends to do. uses daily and so far, no problems. have ordered from this supplier before, will definitely do so again!
nothing special about this usb sync cable. came pretty quick, just a usual charger for your ipod, iphone, etc. pretty sure it isn't an official apple usb charger but it does the job.
after a small dilemma i was able to talk to customer service.  i was amazingly proud of how they were able to respond quickly tabs resolve the problem without hesitations  . with customer service like this i will buy more products from them . ! great job
now when i need a new charger i will buy this one!!!  took a bit of time to get here but its ok.
it doesn't work with ipad i, got "imcompatible device" error when charging. works fine with my iphone4 so far.i bought from "eglobal wireless".with this price, i am happy.
this cord was cheap, arrived right on time and does the job well. the only drawback is this cord does not have the release buttons that an original would have. no problem though, just have to be gentle when i disconnect the ipod.
i got this as an extra iphone charger for work, and had now issues with it.  the quality is not like the original. but for the price should not complain.
good product but they have a few glitches. good product but they have a few glitches. good product but they have a few glitches.
it isn't new, but it works. it's a little too big for the port but if you push a little hard it goes in perfectly nice and it charges fine. for the price its worth it. cord is a little short btw but that doesn't really matter.
this cable is an appropriate replacement for the original i phone cable or as an extra. i ordered 1 for the car and 1 for the office so i do not have to keep up with the 1 original cable.
worked just fine and expecially couldn't go wrong with the price. i am so happy i didn't have to pay a lot for the cord but still get one that worked for my ipod touch gen 3.
i don't really have much to say about the product  because it did what i need it to do lol no bad review here!
i received these cords very quick which i was extremely happy with. i had ordered 2 which meant i got a free one with it which was good because only 2 of the cords worked. i'm still satisfied with my order though because i really only needed 2 of them.
every once in a while we will get a notice on the computer that the ipod does not support charging with this accessory but unplugging and replugging always works.  for the price, i can't really complain  it was basically free.
finally a cord long enough you do not have to sit right on top of the outlet. but can sit where you want. use it daily and have not had any issues with it.
great product. it was exactly what i ordered and works better than expected. i use it all the time and it is still in great shape
just needed an extra cord to charge apple products and this product works as advertised. no frills, just works. i have  couple of them.
plugged it in to the computer, plugged in my phone, and phone charged. plugged it in to the ac plug, plugged in my phone, and the phone charged. mission accomplished. a year later, still working.
i have no problem with this cord. i was very sceptical buying one of these because of others coments. i bought it anyway and ended up buying another because it gave me no problem and looks and feels just like the one from apple.
i thought it was longer. it still does the job of charging and transferring data. i thought i was ordering the 6 ft cord. = )happy with my cable though.
it's has been working for a few weeks. i hope it continues to work properly.  the only complaint i have is the feel of the cord is so different from the original &#34;apple&#34; charging cable. it's rough.
it came in earlier than what i expected and it works so its a good buy. for only like $1
there is nothing too special about this product. it was cheap and it does it's job. nothing too fancy, i just needed it to charge my ipod touch and it did just that.
i purchased this item for a friend for her birthday because she needed a new one her old one was broke
you have to sort of shove the cable into the iphone, but other than that it works great. you get what you pay for!
exactly what i needed. replaced one bunny chewed through. it is what it is. not apple stamped. f y i
haven't had any issues with this. i still use mine for my ipod and iphone.  good quality, but could be a little thicker like the belkin chord.
i wish it was similar to the original cable made my apple. the wire was a bit hard and not as soft as the original. but it does the job. i guess that's what counts. besides, what would you get for under two bucks. great deal though.
excellent iphone charger. i did not select 5 starts because it takes so long to deliver. forgot to mention that the price is great also
there's something to be said about these earphones, and that is you shouldn't feel bad if they break down on you after a week considering how cheap they are. it's okay though, since buying these in bulk ensures i have an endless supply of disposable chargers.
the cables work and cost a lot less than apple's. do be careful, the connectors are snug so don't force them.
the cable came quickly with shipping it was less then 5 dollars and it does exactly what you would expet it i do the length is just as long as my original cord.bottom line good buy would do it again
although cheap but is suitable to backup the original product.will test durability in due time but for now sufficiently happy
this product has served its purpose. also the charger is pretty compact to carry. the previous charger i purchased did not last long but i believe this one would.
this usb cord is great, but the only problem is that it isn't the real apple brand. it works with my ipod touch 2nd and 4th generation. i will buy more!
i use this cord for i pod touch my kids have they are good and they are cheap enough so if you have to buy again no big dealthey are a good deal and shipping was fast didn't take to long to get here
this was a killer price for the product. it was shipped from overseas so it took a long time to arrive, but worth the wait.
i bought this to have a few extras. it works fine. someone always seems to need one, or the cord can crack at either hub. buy multiples. always good to have an extra one.
i bought 3 of these, they work fine, so i do recommend them, but they definitely dont fit in the iphone as well as the cables that are made by apple,but still for this price i can live with it, so i do recommend it.
i order six of those and some work some not but it's worth the money cuz they are 82 cents so get it cuz its work for my iphone so it's will work for you .(:
i got for cheap and it arrived in a timely manner but i have only used it for a few weeks so i cannot speak upon it's longevity quality but come on less than ten bucks you can buy a mp3 album for that
this product is a really good replication of the original. it does it's job just like an other apple usb charging cable!
the quality of this cable is amazing. i got mine from importer520.however, they are a bit too fat on the phone end, not clearing as easily some cases.i have a speck candyshell glossy case and it barely fits on it, bu it does fit.
the item was in good condition and is working fine. the packaging was also simple and fine.  work for the money.
i purchased two of these cables for charging on the road. one works great, the other needs to have the cable pushed in very hard to work. for less than $2, it isn't worth sending the non working cable back. it was for a backup anyway.
this items works well and comes at a good price. you could pay more but then again why would you. it was shipped promptly and works as advertised.
first cord was defective, sent them an e mail and they responded quickly. second time was the charm. cord got here very quick and worked as advertised.
hesitant at first, but i was in need of one and with a price like this, why not! came two weeks earlier than expectation date and it works great! a little part of charger was chipped, other than that great use!
it's longer than the standard cable apple provides which is really nice. the price i paid can't be beat. the on;y drawback was that they were extremely slow in getting it to me. all of that put together adds up to 4 stars in my book.
i have not used this product yet so i have no idea whether it works or not.  i will just assume that it will work for a long time.highly recommend
use this as a permanent wire from my car stereo to the iphone holder.  two months in and no problems.  delivery was very timely.
this charging cable is not very long, but does the job. it is a solid replacement for a lost iphone cable.
the cord will charge my ipod in other usb's and will sync to my pc, but not my mac, but that's the only issue. great deal! i would stock up on these cords!
this cord is a little tighter of a fit then the apple cord.  the usb half is slightly different than the apple one, but it works.
arrived when promised. packaged well.  told several friends about them. enjoy using the longer cord. have ordered  itemm for several friends
i dont see any different quality between this cord or apple's and much cheaper than the 19.99 and up that they want
cheap, quick delivery and do the job. will they last as long? we'll find out, but for the money, you could buy several and still be ahead compared to a genuine apple product.i am using these with a 4s
works great with my ipod touch 4g. but the white blocks on the connectors or the ends come off easy, they dont affect anything but they can come off easy, but can go back on just fine
i just got it so i don't know about durability but i was able to charge and sync with this cable, even if it was a bit snug in my third generation nano.
i always purchase extra sync cables, because you can never have to many. normal wear and tear to the dog chewing on it. you just never know when you need an extra cable. it gets the job done
it works great my only problem was that it was really hard to stick into my ipod like one of the thigs on the side wouldnt fo in my ipod but i finally got it to work
it works very well, and it has a ver tough cord so it doesn't break easily, but it's a little small.
good charger for the price
this generic cable is working good. i don't see any issue while using it. this is a economic solution to replace the oem one.
good product, fast delivery, exactly what i expected. the cord does not charge as fast as the apple cord, but it does the job so i complain for the price
works just as well as the expensive apple ones. you can tell they are a little cheaper as the end plastic covers tend to fall off, but nothing a little glue can't handle. or, just pick up a few since they are so cheap!
hola todo finobecause all that is good and because i gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegado
works like the original, i have no complains so far. i have an ipod touch 4th generation.keep in mind this ships from hong kong, so it takes like 3 weeks to arrive.
they work just as advertised. i will recommend this to my friends. the ones i got were perfect, no complaints.
i wish it was longer, but is just a generic charger, is not that i had  very high expectations in regards of this product.
the sync cables work well for the price i paid. sometimes my phone won't recognize the cables but they eventually do after a couple of attempts.
works very well and is sturdy. i would purchase this product again. the shipping took a little longer than i thought. took about 3 weeks to get it , so if you need one quick , this isnt for you.
they work fine, they charge,sync,everythinggood product for the pricejust dont yank on the cord like my kids do.
it works. i don't expect it to be the same quality as the original oem cable. for the price, just can't complaint.
the two cords i ordered work well and were shipped quickly. i love the convenience of having a cord at home and at work.
waited almost a month to come from china but works great, i love i can charge again. will be getting another before i destroy this one so the waits not so bad
while i wouldn't use this thing for iphone devices, these cables can be used just fine as a charger and for normal ipod and ipod touch syncs/transfers. it mirrors a regular apple sync cable in appearance quite perfectly though.
happy with the outcome of this product. this product is a good value for computer products.  it can be used with various computer products.
feels a little flimsy but has worked without fail since i've gotten them. i bought 2 so i'd have one as a backup but it worked so well i just gave one to my dad.
even though it's not the name brand, apple, iphone charger, it works just as well. the only thing about getting this one is that it might take a month for it to get to you.
this is exactly what i was looking for. it does not charge iphone off usb port and can charge with wall adaptor which is good enough.
these cables are not nearly as good as the apple counterpart, but they are vastly cheaper and good enough quality for my use.
i bought this being a little skeptical.however, it actually did plug in to my ipod and computer.it connected with my itunes and was charging too.not sure it is official or how long it will last, but for just over $4 shipped, who cares.
this is still working several months after i bought it.  i took one star off of it since the wires are showing where you plug it into the phone.  it is still charging even with this little problem.  i will use it until it doesn't charge anymore.
nice but it looks and feels a little cheapish, but you get what you pay for right?  no push pins on the side
this broke within like 6 months, so get multiple ones. it's better than paying all that money at other stores and risk losing the cord lol
i initially bought 2 cables and both cables did not work! amazon replaced the cables at no cost! they both now work!
i am very happy for the cost of these cords.  the delivery took a while, but worth the wait.  we have multiple iproducts and this eliminates the hassle of only having one usb cord.  now everyone has there own cord.
this new charging cord replaced the broken one that the girls had and works wonderfully.  got it for a great price and will look for great bargains in the future.
i bought this item for my wife for her cell phone and she ahs used it time and time again.this was a good item and was at a great price.
plug work really well and i am pleased!  i would buy for myself again. and recommend to others. great deal!
i love it because when i need a spare cord phone while traveling i can use the spare cord and  it really works. also you cannot beat the price !!!thanksbigwill360
is what it says. got here kind of slow, but in line with what was on the listing. it charges and syncs.
i buy a lot of ipod cables. whether or not it's worth buying these cheap ones and having to replace them so often is worth it, i'm not sure. you find good ones and bad ones; this one was ok considering the price.
i bought five of these. i've only used two of them so far but they work as they are supposed to.
the cord works great for syncing with my computer.  i bought this as a back up for taking trips.  it was a great deal for the price
not heavy duty but does exactly what i need it to do at an incredibly low price. i would recommend it to a friend.
works fine and was so inexpensive so i bought my wife several so she could have them all over the place: home, office, purse,car, and have some margin to loose a few too in the process.
works good so far and inexpensive.  like that i don't have to push a release button to disconnect from the ipod
ok
we've not had any problem with these. the charge is fine. i know on some products i've seen the iphone say that the charging device is not supported by apple, but i haven't seen that message at all with these chargers. looks the same as the original too.
pretty good charging cord for a great price. i use it mainly just for the car usb. don't plug it in regularly. haven't had any problems with it except for the fact that its not a comfortable size since i have to pull the actually plug to take it out.
just a cord. works okay. don't know if its be but kinda of charges item slow. but other than that gets the job done.
i got it in a timely manner and am happy with product. it works like a charm and price was right an deliver great
got what i wanted. the color and cord length were ok.  the size of the wall jack was small. thanks
i wish it was longer but it works and it's a good product  i would recommend the arrival was quick too
hmm, i'm not so sure they're oem, but they work ok. the packaging was a little sloppy for an apple product, and the texture of the cable itself feels a bit different than those i've received with my apple devices.
it is just like it in the picture not misleading at all i am pleased with this product i use it alot
works as intended, kind of flimsy.after 8 months the cable is starting to wear/tear and break off.i'll be honest i'm a bit roughbut for a $1.5 that i bought it for. it's a great value  
works well; appears identical to the (considerably more expensive) apple store product, although the cord is a bit less flexible than the original.
work so good like oh me good ness its like i was falling off ma chair naw woodledoopsizzlenaw cool is the way
connects easily and does the job it is meant to do. worth the money i spent. would recommend it to a friend
my biggest worry when buying this type of product is that they won't last. this cable had a decent life span (many months)
this was a great buy for the money. it's not a terribly sturdy cord, but it is good to have as a spare. delivered in a timely manner.
cheap, ghetto version of apple cord, but you get what you pay for, you cant beat the price and free shipping, only reccomendation is order a head of time, like a month or two before you need it! great order as a backup cord!
even though it was not of the best quality cable, it worked very well for a good while for the price i paid for it. my friend was pleased and used it until the cord  begin to fray.
sometimes my iphone gets warning message "charging not supported with this accesories", other than that, works great.great buy for the value.
bought it for one of my kids. very inexpensive and it does work. i would refer it to a friend.
they are exactly what i thought they would be. i would definitely buy this again when my other cords break.
i ordered this as a replacement for a lost charger for my iphone.  i still had the usb to wall plug converter and this has worked great.
bought as a spare. product as described in advert, works ok on my ipod. build quality seems good for the price.
i honestly forgot i ordered this by the time it arrived but it had a long way to come. i was surprised that it not only came with the cable but also the plug for the outlet so i could charge my phone from the wall.
like it because obviously it works and charges well nice and portable but i need some color splash in it.
*please rate if helpful*this cord is near &#34;apple quality&#34; but it's obvious that it is not. if you're just looking for a cheap cord to keep in your car or just to have laying around, this works great. don't spend $20 on an apple cable.highly recommended
it is a good buy, it was to replace one that i had let someone us, so it was a good buy
this unit worked fine with my ipod. the only thing i felt that the connector side of the cable was a little rough when inserting versus the original, but the usb side was alright. as i said the unit worked fine for the price.
great price, but for multiple items be warned, you will pay multiple shipping costs. for example, i purchased 4, to spread them around work, home, and laptop. 5.80 for the 4 cords, a whopping 19.92 for shipping. not as great of a deal once they overcharge you for 'shipping.'
this is cheaper but it still worked. it nice cable for iphone and ipads .it's nice for de price and material
fast shipping.for the price advertised, i didn't expect to have a better product.i've lost my phone cable like 3 times already,i don't know the difference between this and the eom
i have been using this product for a while without any issues. i would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a usb iphone charger.
this product is a good substitute for the original. its functional and very affordable. i would recommend this product to everyone.
works just as well as the original. great for the price. i use it on an adapter for charging my ipod.
not heavy duty by any means, but adequate for the job. overall very good value.
good but slower than normal. beggers can be choosers i guess. at least it works good. a  lot of things that come from hong kong are slower.
does the job, nothing fancy shmancy about it! buy it for cheap and get what you need without breaking the bank!
just received this today. took about a month but the cable workes great. if you have time  and can wait for a bit order this.
works as expected but the build quality isn't that great. compared to the cable i bought from another seller in hk this is low quality.
i simply wanted an extra cable to keep at work to charge my iphone there when needed. it most definitely accomplishes that task without having to pay full price for a new apple branded one.
i have i just received the cable and used for several days. the appearance of the product is good, well fabricated. it has functioned normally.the price is right.i want to purchase few more.
works fine from what my boyfriend say's.it powered it fine and charged it from dead.so yeah we liked it okay.
the product looks like an apple one but when you handle it you realize it isn't (the texture and looks of it), but it does work which is what i cared the most
this cord was exactly what i was looking for (worked inside my bulky iphone 4s case) and not too expensive of a replacement!
i just needed a spare one, and the price was right.  it arrived a lot more quickly than i had expected.
but.those that do work do a good job for very little money. if you just remember how cheaply you got them you won't be disappointed. order early though because they take months to receive.
both cords fit my hp usb slot nicely and did what they are supposed to do.  i feel like they may transfer data a little slower than the iphone cord, but i can't verify that.all in all, a good cord at a good price.
this cable looks almost identical to an apple official charging cable, and works just as well with my iphone 4s. when i tried using it with my ipad 1, it said that it was an "unsupported accessory" and it did not charge it. keep that in mind when purchasing.
good
we always need an extra cable so  i know keep this one in my car for charging on the go or playing through the car's usb portonly wish i'd bought a second to keep by the computerwith multiple iphones in the house, you can't have too many of these
item arrived prior to the estimated deliver date and worked as promised. would recommend for anyone looking for an extra cable
received item pretty quickly and it is working great with my 3gs.  i'd definitely recommended this item to someone else.
came very quickly was just as described. not to sure what else can be said, other than it was an awesome price.
functions as promised, only it fits into my iphone a bit more snugly than i'd like. works just fine though.
this cable worked great while it lasted. but being cheap that was maybe a month. if you're looking for something simple and not wanting to spend 20$ retail though it's okay.
these cables took a long time to arrive, but were worth the wait.  haven't had them very long, but they're working great so far.
works as expected, but the connector doesn't slide in as smoothly as an oem version.  but it's good enough considering how much cheaper it is.
the cable works just fine although it was a little tricky to insert the first few times i tried to use it.
it's not really oem, but it does the job, i think you get what you paid. i have used for some time now and everything is ok.
before i bought, i saw some negative reviews, kinda worry. but after i got it, it works well, so far so good, especially for its low price.
i needed this cable for my office so i wouldn't have to keep taking my other cable back and forth.  well worth the price.
came late, but works great snaps in to my phones perfect. i couldn't ask for a better product. i was very upset that it was 2 days late
good cord, works fine. i have not had any problems, i use it to charge my iphone every day. works great!!!
it was quite difficult to insert into the iphone 4 at first. however, the charger works as it was expected. cheap quality but works, 4/5.
decent quality. i ordered a bunch to have charging cables everywhere. one was a little tight fit but they all charge and who can beat it at the price?
because it got it on time and thank you again it works perfectly and it's well appreciated because i was in need of it
great little usb cable that works with the old 30 pin plug apple used on items before mid 2012. if you need a cable for one of these items this will work for you.
charges a little slow
i plugged it in and it worked. but when i went to unplug it for the very first time. it broke. i was offered a refund or a replacement the customer service was excellent and this was about 7 months later after i found an email i received from them.
good cable, works as well as cable that came with the phone. it looks same as the cable with the phone also.
nice deal with good service i ask to my friends alsousb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone (white)
fast fast fast shipping!!! it works great but i dislike how i have to really tug on the cord to pull it out my phone. i feel there should be an extention for a better grip to plug and unplug from your phone.
the action of inserting and removing the cable from the iphone/ipod is not as smooth as the factory cable, but for the price for one factory cable, you can buy like 20 of these guys. overall very satisfied.
there is not a lot to say about this product. it looks and works just like to apple version that came with the ipad.
i like that this cord is so long, so much easier than using an extension cord with our old cord. only problem is that it doesn't fit our ipad 2 just our ipad 1.
i am forever breaking apple cords i don't know how but i do and these were great replacements. they took forever to ship to me but are good
i am very pleased with mu charger. it took forever to get it. i got an email saying it had shipped several weeks before it finally came. be prepared for it to take forever to get it.
yes, the port fits a bit tight but it fits!  i ordered two of these and they are holding up well!!!  good value  
the cable fits like a glove and has functioned perfectly for recharging my unit! it appears to be an exact replacement!
i liked it, not the best quality but you get what you pay for. the price was very pleasing and i would buy it again of necessary.
chord worked fine to charge idevices when plugged into wall or computer however itunes did not recognize my ipod through this chord. used it at work to charge my iphone.
i ordered this cable for my ipod nano and it works, but i have trouble attaching the wider part to my ipod.  it's too tight or something.  i can deal with it considering i paid very little for the item, i guess.
i don't have any problem with it.  it simply works as it's supposed to. but you can tell it appears a tiny bit different from the original/factory one
ordern fulfilled by cceaccessories. very cheap.  used for iphone 4s and ipod.  ordered 8 cables through two orders.  one broke after a dozen uses.  none dead on arrivel.  second order arrived within one week.  for this price you cant go wrong.
product came as described. happy with results. cord a little short but works wonderful.  the product shipped very fast. thanks
received at very good price and got very fast.  only upset now that i would like to purchase some more from you and not showing available.
bought these to have in my many purses and bags for times when i forget my charge or drain my battery quickly. they have certainly come in handy, especially while commuting. they seem to be the same quality as my apple ones, and have lasted us a while.
this cable does the job. it was inexpensive and connects my iphone to my work laptop. no more dead batteries in the middle of the day.
as said on the title, if anyone is concerned about whether this cable will work or not on their phone. given that you have choices from multiple sellers, i got mine from maeline (fulfilled by amazon).
bought this to replace a lost iphone cord.  works like the original with out issue.  recommend anyone to purchase this at least as a spare or one to keep in the car.
it work's i'm happy.
this items ships from overseas but when it arrived it works perfectly just like the original apple charging cables. i did order another pair!
works for my iphone but somtimes my iphone cant read the charger however it will still charge just slowly. you sometimes need to disconnect and reconnect a few times for the iphone to read the cord.
this works great. i was expectin some cheap thing but i was surprised when it worked and is still working.
its almost exactly like the apple version except it doesn't have release buttons you have to pull it off which could break it or rip it
it works the way it should. the only issue that i have realized with this product is that it is somewhat difficult to actually plug it into my phone. other than that it works very well.
do i need say more? it fits and it works. what more needs to be said? generic yes, functional though.
i got a great deal on this usb charging cable for my iphone.  it did take several weeks to arrive, but it was new in package.
i have a ipod touch 4g and this charger works great with it, but it feels like i'm gonna break my pod every time i'm finish charging
better than all the other cables on amazon, been using it for months and didnt break at all, perfect item at a perfect price.
great price. product works. takes about a month and a half to ship from china, but i can't really complain with how low the cost is.
looks like the one that comes with your phone. but it's a plastic like feel not like the rubbery real one. little stiff when you connect it but it's great for the price.
the cable looks cheap, do not like the ipod's. however, it works, both on my pc and with the charging. that's enough for me.
very good for the price and i, can trust in it,because are good constructed and heavy materials suh wiring and conectors
works great. just as good as the original one i got with it and it only cost a buck 60.
i t a l m o s t the s a m e b u t d o e s the same con cept
this charger took forever to get to me coming from overseas but it was great once i recieved it. yes buy it! dont spend over $10.00 if you dont have to.
works with my iphone 3gs perfectly for both charging and data transfer. i have tried charging with the apple ac usb adapter and also with windows and linux computers. very fast shipping too!!
this item came on time and it works perfectly! thanks very much, i saved a lot of money that i wouldn't have if i'd gone to my loval apple store! it made my little brother very happy!
i've ordered three of these over the last few months, and they work fine for a few weeks, and then they just stop working. good price, though. 4/5.
this usb cord is almost like the original one you recieve with your phone. but the only down fall about this cord for me is that it doesn't charge on the computer but it works well as a regular charger  
i had an old apple i pod my charger and lost the charger. searching for a charger was easy and it was deliver very quick.
broke 2 months after using due to pulling from the cord, not from the plug head. big lesson there. the cord will separate rendering the cord useless.
we have this cord floating around the house, along with a couple other official apple charging cords.  never noticed a difference between them, they all work the same.  good enough for me!
great deal
works just like it should. no problems at all. great price and great value. charges and connects perfectly to devices.
good for the price
it could be me but i seem to blow thru these a bit faster than oem stuff.  so.pay yes they are very cheap.but.you get what you pay for.
if your original cord gets damaged this is a good alternative to buying the more expensive apple cables. these cables are not as good as the original cables but they work very well. four stars given due to the products poor construction and durability issues.
the cables worked  just like i wanted them to and they shipped really fast. it was a great price for three cables.
i tried it out when it arrived and it seemed to work nicely.  it took a little more effort to connect to the iphone.  it was tight, but as i said, it worked and the iphone connection seemed unaffected.
cheep is cheep, if you're gonna get this put  tape around the either end to help reinforce the weak spots at either end and do not pull n the cord itself to disconnect.
product works great, looks like the one i got with my iphone ! the shipping took a little long,but for the price it worth the wait
a replacement cable was shipped.  it had to be jammed on the ipod, but it works.  it will go into active duty as soon as one of my kids loses a cable.
looks, but does not fell oem. definitely worth the price. both syncs and charges my iphone 4 without any issues.
after extended use my particular cable would push into the ipod end at an angle. not a big problem, works fine.
it's more convenient having more than one charging cable especially for me since i am always away from home and sometimes i have to leave one job and go straight to the next.
pretty much as the description says. a cheap way to get another charger cord for your apple product.   i have not encountered any problems so far, so i think it is a safe purchase.
arrived on time. doesn't work with ipad but might have said that in the description. does work with my iphone.
it arrived quickly no complaints works fine with 3 different ipods i have ordered 2 before but my kids took them because they broke their originals thank you
it works really well and how its suppose to just that the cable ripped on the tip already it wasnt well put together
i was skeptacal at the price of this product, but had been nothing but impressed with the cable. it looks authentic enough and works well.
the usb sync cable was exactly the same as the cable that came with my phone.  it is a good bargain, although the shipping time from hong kong was a little long.
the product was great and worked just as well as my first charger. i would definitely buy it again. it was shipped and received on time and i had a great experience.
its a charging chord. it does its job. i would repurchase; the price is right. a tad shorter than original but nothing noticable.
i receive it ,really good service and a short time ,good price,good items!like the price and like it because i can trace my package.
it took very long for me to get this product but when i got it it worked very well. this is not a official apple cord but looks exactly the same. i will buy this item again.
was compatible with the iphone.didnt get that stupid message from my iphone that the cord wasnt an original one.and it actually charges
they work well, but took a long time for delivery.  i have only had them for a little while but we shall see how they hold up.
the usb cable is nice for the price. it works great as a second standby cable. nice for the price
worked for awhile and then wouldnt charge any more. idk i have several different brands that have done this they bend at the connection and quit working
this cord is definitely not the real thing, but it works just as great! i have had it for a few weeks and haven't had a problem with it.
i don't know where i got the idea i was buying a longer cable. i have used it and works perfect, so no complaint. it got on time and everything is ok. thanks.
great price for this sync cable, the way they were design, only regular wear and tear results in cable breaking down near the head.
nice and cheap to stock up so that when they break you have a back up!  always nice to have them all around.
i like this cable, but it does fit a bit to snug. other than that, i would choose to use this one over the others i have ordered on amazon for different sellers.
the delton premium iphone 4s data sync cable was good.  however it has already been broken.  i'm not sure if it is a bad cable or my child's fault.
she takes it ever where she goes.  work, home, in the car.  great buy!!! even find myself using it!!! yup
these charger cords were a good value. they are a little knock off in quality, since they tend to separate from the housing that plugs into the wall. but they still work fine and at this price? nice!!
well, its a cable. nothing socking here. it plugs in to my wife's 4s and our computer and car charger. it'd be a lot more interesting if it danced when i played my pungi but hey, you can't have everything.
works just like the oem cable that came with the phone.  i have it set up on the computer at work and there are no problems.
ordered these so i would have one to leave at work and to use in other places to make charging more accessible. fit the bill just fine.
sometimes my phone doesn't know its there but when it does it charges just fine.but for the price and it got here quick will keep it!
this product is just as good as the oem except for the fact that it does not fit the otterbox case.
i really needed a charger for my ipod touch for work. i just wanted something simple and easy. i got just what i wanted and was looking for with this product.
i use it for charging the iphone 4s. the product works just as described. pleased with purchase.it's an .80 usb cord & amazon wants a 20 word review. what more is there to say? bought cord. cord works.
it does one thing good and that's to charge my 6th gen ipod nano. didn't need this for any other use since i need to charge the nano once a week.
the cord is very long, longer than the original, its works very well. i would recommend this to anyone who needs a new one
check other reviews to see which sellers give you a good quality and which don't. i followed there advice and ended up with a great cable.
this was bought to use with ipod classic and it works great. no problems and the price was great. i would definitely recommendt it.
good item for the price! no issues with it accept it takes a while to receive. i have ordered several of these items for my household.
it works fine. but cord is too short. so i using in my car. looking for short cord this is the one.
what can you expect coming from hong kong via their regular mail. with the holidays it took about a month. other than that i like the cords. they are a little longer than the standard which come with the iphone which is awesome!
this last for awhile if you take care of the cord, do not bend or handle aggressively and it will last you for a year or more. i like it!
well the charger is not broken or anything it works perfect there is not much difference between apple charger and this the shipping good but not great it came two days before estimated time so i gues that's good by overall great product
this is a solid charger that looks almost exactly like the real one. however if you have a case that covers the charge port the plug is a little too big to fit the phone.
the cables took a little longer than i wanted to get here but the price was great and the cables worked as expected.  overall very satisfied.
it works but lil hard to go in ipod other wise i love it .i can listen to my iod
i ordered a 6ft. cord and a 10 ft. cord.  the 6ft. cord works great with my iphone.  the 10ft. cord works ok, but every time i plug it in, it says, &#34;this accessory may not be supported&#34;.  but so far it's been charging my phone.
it works.
very good wire. but cheaply made. it didn't break yet but it's very good.  but the wire is cheap rubber. like hard rubber.
the cord is as described, works perfectly and is a sufficient replacement for the oem cable. packaged nicely and shipped quickly.
when i decided to buy this i was not expecting it to come out that well. cool product to buy.
seems like a long lasting product, seller was kind enough to answer my questions, i may have to buy more because usual cords do not last very long xd. pictures are up on instagram @ninjahax
works great, but you get what you pay for.  if you are expecting a long term use of this, then look else where.  for the price though it cant be beat, just buy a few at a time  
it sticks out a bit at the usb end and the connector side is a big too big but i got it in. i only had it for a day but it works fine so far.
for the price, i think that this is excellent. i purchased it to keep on the job in case i need to charge my iphone. glad i purchased it from amazon.
it worked. it was cheap. i would definitely purhcase this product again. too bad i changed to the iphone 5.
arrived in about a week. its a little difficult to plug in but charges well. haven't had any problems . cant beat the price.
these cords are exactly what i needed to have on hand. we all know how we easily destruct out equipment.
it works great with my mac, and every adapters that iv'e used it with, the only place where it does not work at all is the ps3, i don't know why ? but it just doesn't. for a low price its decent
when there was an issue, they contacted and made sure that everything went well. good customer service. i'd recommend it.
arrived quickly.  works fine on my ipad 3gen.  as others have said, the ipad connection is a tight fit but workable.  the cable had quite a bit of wiggle at the connector, so i just super glued it to keep the wires from breaking off. great buy
they get the job done. i can't complain. i expect all inexpensive accessories like this to eventually have problems that's why i buy them in bulk.
syncs and charges i ordered 2 from the cable is flexable and seems to be made from high quality rubber the item itself is great and hard to distinguish from the origional apple cables but either way they are great so far im going to see how it fares
came relatively quickly even though from china. works great, no problems. would not hesitate to purchase another one, especially at this price.
works fine , great price, got to me on time, thought it would be longer but you can't beat the price.
i bought 3 of these cables, and use them all in different places (house, car, work). they all started fraying at the ends within a week. but they still work 6 months later, and at $1 a piece, it's fine.
the cord is thin but durable, it works well on usb adapter and computers. took a while before it came to me which is not an issue.i'd  high recommend it.
i ordered 2 of these because they were so cheap and i have had bad luck with chargers lately. work good, charge just fine. well one of them. one of them only worked for 2 weeks but hey they are so cheap you cant really complain!
i would definitely recommend this seller and product . they worked really well and last for more time. quality was as expected
this is fine.the only issue is that the connecter was having a little issue fitting in the phone.but after a few times it was ok.
this is a nice product for the price i paid for.solves the purpose and works well with my phone.
man i really need this product  mines broken look on line bam got a new one thanks now i can go on line
i would have rated it 5 stars.  the short cable, works fine but was not put together straight.  the other cables work great.
the cable sometimes doesn't work since it's not an official apple product but 85% of the time it works fine. it's worth what you pay.
you cant tell the difference from the original and i feel its really not worth getting a second one from apple. it does charge your phone and the wire's a bit longer than the original one. good value for money.
great product got it and it works to charge phone and data also. feels like the real thing and is not cheap like some others on here. if you looking for an extra charger this is a must buy!!!
charges and syncs just like the apple cables do. i would have rather paid $2 than $20, which is what i did. it's a little flaky and doesn't recognize that my ipod is plugged in right away like the original apple cable did, but still good.
good product.  good price.
pro: very inexpensive, stock up and buy several they are super cheap, seems to work just fine.con: i can't find and cons with this item yet.
the usb cable is great for the price. also the length is exactly the size of the original usb supplied by apple.love it !!!
way cheaper than the stores i visited and does the job just as it should. no complaints and i think i will be purchasing a few more as backups, everybody should have a backup or two or three or four
i like this item, it lasted for awhile to charge my ipod but after awhile it stopped charging. it didn't cost much so i didn't expect it to last long. i'd definitely buy this item again though, because it's cheap and it lasts. i recommend this usb cable!
everything was good with this purchase, cheap, arrived on time, works fine for charging my iphone 4. would recommend to any one looking for a cheaper alternative for the apple chords.
i bought one last year, it works well. so i just bought the second one as a back up cable.
it's an old iphone charger for a dollar. not much to say about it. it works as expected but has the same issues these chargers always have.
for the cheap cheap price you really can't do much better.  the product works fine.  my only gripe is that the connector is sometimes hard to fit into the phone, unless you angle it just right.  still, good product.
works perfectly, very affordable.  i also like that it does not have push tabs on the side so you can listen while you charge.
it is a product that either works, or does not. no problems on a near daily use in charging two iphones.
i was sceptical, but i thought what the heck.  i am pleasantly surprised.  it works fine and i use it at my office in case i need to charge my phone during the day.
this wire is pretty descent for the price to be a second charge cable. this wire somehow feels little bit cheaper in comparison to original apple cable.
haven't used it yet but hoping it will be good just the way it is described and won't disappoint !!!
the cable feels stiffer than the apple versions, but it works with my chargers and iphone 4s so i have no complaints.  anytime i can avoid giving apple money for their highly over priced stuff is a win for me!
pros:  not expensive  long cable  iphone/ipod connector on this cable is same size and shape as the connector on cable that came with iphone 4  will connect to an iphone 4 with apple bumper installedcons:  really cheaply made
exactly what is described and is good quality.minus 1 star for extremely slow shipping which was 2 to 3 weeks, but free can get you only so much.good buy!
works well, i'm happy with it. it does the job, but when using with a lighting adapter it doesn't pull enough power for a 4th gen ipad
very fast shipping product works well, i am pleased. at first it was not fitting into my ipod but i nudged it a little now it works perfectly
got this cable from philatronic. had issue with first cable but got a replacement shipped out reasonably fast.works as need when plugged into computer usb port.
does the job.came in expected time. feels a bit cheap, fits a bit hardly into 30pin for first couple of times
good. working fine.good. working fine. only take long to come .but if you not in hurry you can buy.this item.
i already rated it .shouldnt have to rerate and have to write so much about it.i like it.thank you.its great.
exactly what we were looking for and is an identical match for the cable that originally came with the plug.
received the usb cord much before the estimated time. waiting for 3 days was better than buying an original cord from the apple store that would turn out to be really expensive.
i bought several of these for my husband because the dogs kept chewing his charger up. needless to say, there aren't any of them left. not because they weren't good, because he kept leaving them out and he broke one while unplugging it.
the cord works perfectly! i received it when expected.  it appears to be a realapple cord. i wish it were a bit longer.
recommended.  not as well made as the original apple oem but it is very close.  charging is no issue and now i have plenty of spares.  good for the price.
it sync's and charges just as described. it looks identical to the original apple cords. and it actually showed up to my door for just a buck.
works great! i was nervous at first when i bought this product that it wouldn't work because it was so cheap, but it works perfect for my iphone 4s
i felt like the cable wasn't long enough, but for the price in comparison to buying a cord in the apple store it's very reasonable and it gets the job done. i used one of them for my phone and one for my ipod and they both worked well.
i like to keep extras, my kids lose these things all of the time. and they are expensive to buy in store. i got my order super fast. i made sure to pick a supplier that ships from within the u.s.
it was kindo slow to get here but it was still worth it   also it is really white and cool
great customer service, wonderful product. just like apple cables cant tell the difference.  product came quick with great packing. i should have ordered two for 2.99 can't go wrong.
i thought it was good i read a couple of reviews and said it wasnt good i thought it was good doesnt take that long to recharge
its a fake cable yes, does it sync and charge? yeah, its cheap quality though. it was also a cheap price so that doesn't matter too much. just don't throw it in the washer or roll it up a million times and it'll get the job done.
product was delivered faster than anticipated, and was as good as factory original. i have had no problems with it in the 2 weeks i have had it.
it's not made by apple but it is just what you are looking for. so for the price you can't beat it.
usb charger is working fine so far. can't get better deal than this. (same charger from apple online store is 40 bucks!!).
i normally get these once every 3 months, they eventually break, but for $1 that's not too bad.  i suggest if you don't have $10 to get an actual apple charger go ahead and buy this!
satisfied with this purchase . product as described and works just like the original apple cable. shipped from hongkong, came in goo packaging within 2 weeks. very great value buy considering the 80c includes shipping also
it does charge idevices, although it's kind of difficult to insert and remove, as if it's not *quite* the perfect size. it works, though.
works great! the only thing is it fits a little snug into the phone so you have to give it a tug to get it out.
product was just as describe but you have to be careful at times since it tends to stop charging your iphone and such from time to time.
these cords are you get what you pay for. don't expect apple quality for this price! they work good so just buy 10 and they will last you a long time.
good cables, replaces my old ones.  compatible with my old cables. like the color, lenght, and it fits well with my ipod.
i thought i'd take a chance and 2 out of 3 cords worked on arrival.  they are still working and i've been pleased with the cords.  they're obviously not apple oem, but they were worth the $1.
bought this thinking it would be flawless, but observed that sometimes it does not charge. although, it did appear a random 10% of the time, still it turned out to be unreliable, which is why i do not give it 5 stars.
this charger does not work with the otterbox.  the plug on the phone end will not fit with that case.
ordered for my sister in law don't have an iphone.  she likes it and especially the price was 100%cheaper than at any of the stores.
took soooo long to get here, but it was really cheap and it works so if you're looking for a backup get it.
not as easy to plug into phone as the old one.
this was a really good price for the cord. and even though the produce didn't cost alot, they shipped it quickly and i really appreciated that.
what are the people doing to these things to tear them up? normal use and mine shows no wear and tear. they must be using theirs to pull out tree stumps.
very responsive folks, i can recommend dealing with these sellers. you will never regret dealing with these guys. i did not.
cable is as expected, nice flexible wire and looks almost like an original apple cable. the only problem is that it fits a little tight in the dock connection on my iphone 4 but it will probably get better with use.
just a replacement for my original cord. i use it from time to time, it is ok. nothing to complain.
i seem to always loose the pug or cable   so this was great.  i have replacements all over.  the kids found them and now i seem to have to order again.  seems like everyone needed them.
i got mine from &#34;jackie chan&#34;.  it works, it hasn't broken.  i really can't complain.  i know some other users have had issues but at under $2 you really cannot beat it.  if it breaks after 3 months of use it'll still be worth it.
not a lot to say about these cables. they seem to be the same as some gadgets original cables. wish i had purchased more at the time.
arrived on time and as advertized.  works well, no issues.  always good to have an extra charging cable. end x.
works like it should. had to wait for it quite awhile, but glad i did. looks like the original yeah
this cables does the job and performs as promised. nothing special about it though it's a cable at a good price.
exactly what is says, got here when it said it would, couldn't ask for any thing else. i don't see why not to buy it
its great for its price not high quality but it works well dose the job.shipping was free but took a month to get to me if your just getting a spare i recommend
i was dubious about purchasing this item as it was less than $1. however, it arrived within a few days and worked immediately, without problems when i connected my ipod to my pc. what more could i want!!??
my previous charger was beginning to tear at the head, which i was very disappointed considered the price of the charger at the retail price. i hope that this charger will last much longer, so that i won't have to replace any time soon.
the cord is long and durable, product was as described. i have had the cord for a couple of years now and still in good condition.
was very happy with the charger.  purchased it for it to stay at grandma's house for the grandkids so there wouldn't be fighting over the chargers.
this turned out a good bargain for me. no issues at all with the cable. surley would recommend this to others.
i don't think its made by apple. its cheap and a little too tight but it does the job. i bought it as a secondary charger for the car adapter and it does the job. i would be surprised if it lasts long
cable exactly as described. it took some time form them to arrive. i orders two and they work fine. would buy here again
just be careful when plugging it in or pulling out seems like it gets stuck easy. bought it cause of price to have a spare for when a friend needs a charging cable.
nothing better at this price. these cables are of higher quality than apple. i bought the original on two occasions and did not last at all. these appear to be dim but i have worked better than the originals at a fraction of the price.
sometimes when plugging it in, there seems like a slight delay to charge randomly sometimes, but it is otherwise fine.
the usb and charger came in good condition and it worked fine it didn't had no problems and i really needed one so badly i had to buy it.
great deal and works well.i would highly recommend this to anyone else interested in the iphone 4 charging cable k.
works great! no complaints! nothing special or fancy. it is just a cord that works with my ipod and iphone to charge them. i just keep it in my purse for a just in case cord.
this is a cheap alternative to the oem. the quality is good. the charging is a bit slow, but nothing i cant live without.
this has worked better than any of the other charging cables that i've gotten in the past. it's most like my original cable that came with my ipod, so far it has lasted quite a long time and has worked really well. can't complain about it at all
seems like a good product and does what it's supposed to, but cheaply made and not sure how long they'll last, so buy a few.  my cat chewed through my official apple cord, but so far has stayed away from these so that's a plus.
arrived promptly. i had to get help from hubby to open, since the instructions were inside the defender case   the reason for the 4 instead of the 5.
husband loves this case, has dropped a couple times and product has had no issues. only complaint is the car charger will not insert with the case on. otherthan that great product
this case is excellent.  it serves the purpose that other retailers are selling at much higher prices.
this case is durable, but the outer rubber tends to stretch out and become very loose. the inner hard shell, is durable! i would recommend this item to others.
the only objection i have s that there's no way to dock the iphone when it's in the case   due to the bulk of the case.
very solid, phone well protected. the plastic case it comes withis not secure or convenient. to the trash.haven't found a leather case that is big enough for otter. so, my pocket is the "case"
great product just what i asked for only probe are it doesn't always fit 3 rd party chargers or docks but it's just what i wanted functionaland hardy!
this is a wonderfully protective case at a great price. it is kinda bulky though.if you want to get the bubbles out just insert one of those cheap plastic slip covers in between your phone and the otter box. works like a charm.
this is one of the best casing for iphone, and moreover if you have kids below 3 years then it is must have one.look and feel is not that great compared to iphone though.
this case is awesome.  the phone is definitely protected with all the layers.  only drawback is the bulkiness of the case.
this case is exactly what it says it is.  it protects the iphone well and is easy to put on and take off.  i am happy with the purchase.
best protection for an iphone.  clear screen cover and connection cover are hard to use properly.  amazon best price by far.
its defintely a very good case for phone, just those  nagging oily looking spots.
its a very good case, can really protect yout iphone from falls, excellent product, the only thing i could ask to the manufacturer,would be add new colors.
i love this case.  i am very clumsy so i wanted something to protect to my phone and this case does the trick.  also, i don't have to keep buying those screen protectors since there is one built it.  i highly recommend this product.
good case, people made it seem that its larger than it really is. the only bad thing about the case is that only fits apple chargers if you have another charger for your iphone it might not fit if its bigger than the iphone charger.
the case will protect your iphone but it is big. also buy a screen protector and put it on your iphone then put your iphone in this case and you will not get any water marking.
the best case for the iphone. tuff and i have already dropped it several times with no problems.
product arrived quick.  the case works very well except for the oily look on the screen.  i'm happy with the otterbox.
great protection but a little cumbersome in size. the holster is not good at all, your iphone will drop out of it easily.
the case is great protection, still not sure if i like the holster.  so far the only draw back i have experienced is it reduces the volume of the speaker.  the holster is somewhat difficult to get the phone in and out quickly.
very good protective case, but the screen protector creates a wet bubble look.  the otterbox company does not have a fix for it.  i have to remove the phone from the case about twice to three times a day to clear the problem.
i am really happy with this case for my iphone. it's a little bulky but the protection is worth it. i got the pink/black and get lots of comments on it. it is hard to get it out of the holder though so i don't use the holder.
absolutely indestructible. i ride motorcycles and it fell out of the case and it wasn't damaged at all. the holster could work a little better though.
great case.  it does protect the iphone really well.  should sell the case without the holder.  the holder is worthless because the phone keep dropping out of it.  also should provide a hole for hanging the phone around the neck!
i love it because when i need to add protector that really works. also you cannot beat the price !!!thanksbigwill360
everyone knows what these are by now   it's an otterbox defender, and it's pretty good at protecting your phone against drops and bumps. definitely not water resistant in any way.
pro's:  protects without compromising utility.con's:  it's big.  can't use external batteries due to connection difficulty (so far).  oily film between iphone and screen cover (goes away with baby powder treatment or by putting standard another screen protector on before placing in otterbox)
fits perfectly, encases the phone entirely and provides great protection for the iphone.i bought this for my father who has broken around 15 phones, this seem to provide the protection required.
i happened to throw my phone the other day and the otter box did what it say it would do.
all parts work well with the iphone 3 gs. it is a useful tool in protecting my phone while out in the weather.
offers good protection as advertised. only issue, is that it does not clip into belt clip as firmly as i would like. it is fine for normal use, but come lose if it catches on a seatbelt getting out of the car, or a limb while hiking.
the case realy protects you're phone very well  easy to install, and remove if needed. the neoprene gasket is somewhat greasy feeling.the belt clip is nice has several purposes, it's a bit bulky but very easy to holster phone just snaps right in.
only 2 negatives, first the watermark on the screen, then the belt does not hold the phone well.
great protector for my iphone.  works just as well as those you see in the mall kiosk just cheaper in price.  same as the expensive ones.  would highly recommend.
the cover protected my iphone well but the belt clip needs work. the phone requently slip out from the clip. the prones are easly broken.
the screen protector clings to the face weird leaving air pockets even with a thin screen protector underneath it. other than that everything's awesome! super secure, doesn't get linty, doesn't stick in pockets, all buttons press down easily, keyboard and icons react as normal.
i found that my iphone is slippery and i dropped it several times within a few weeks of owning it.  this case offers great protection for the phone.  it is definitely bulky and it doesn't do much for the sleek look, but it does its job well.
very durable, sometimes a pain to open, but over all good product. only real complaints i have are the air bubbles between screens and the fact that it isn't very dustproof. would recommend to others wish they didn't have any issue so i would recommend to everyone.
this is a very good case for the iphone 3gs. it protects the phone extremely well. however, the one downfall of this case is that the protective screen makes bubbles appear when pressed up against the iphone.
the case does what's advertised. it's added layer of protection is more than adequate. the only downfall is that the case muffles the sound of the speaker.
this was a good product when i used it. it was just too bulky and got tired of how bulky it was. it does a good job at protecting.
nice item, the otterbox does what it was made for. it will protect your iphone. i wish they could cure the water mark effect on the screen.
this is a great protective case. the only problem is that it takes some work to get the phone  in and out.
i wish this was a little cheaper but it is a must have if you want to protect your iphone.
i needed this case to fit my iphone and it was a great match. great product and even better value for the price i paid.
is great at protecting your iphone my only gripe is sometimes my working man fingers have problems getting to an icon or keypad on the outside edges due to the raised protective bezel.
provide really good protection for your iphone, but this is really bulk case.in my opinion it is not for everyone's daily use.one more thing. if you got invisible shield on your iphone, do not buy it unless you need, it's gonna fit, but really really tight!!
the case protects the phone more than any case i've ever owned.  this also makes the phone heavier and much bigger.
bought an iphone a month ago and this is one of the best protection plans you can get.  we are very pleased with this product.
enjoy the product and does a great job protecting the phone.  the only downside is that the rubber plugs covering the headphone and power cord port are difficult to properly replace once you have removed them.  minor inconvinence though.  would recommend.
as advertised. fit and function are good. great protection for iphone. only problem i have had is the screen protector gets bubbles underneath it, regardless of how many times i have removed it and cleaned it and the phone screen. not a big problem, just annoying. would definitely purchase another.
great product for your iphone.  i work a lot outdoors and this product has done very well so far.  my only complaint is that the phone can get bumped while on my hip and it dislodges from the belt phone carrier.  a more secure fit is needed.
folks if you are concerned about a loose fit, try turning the iphone around in the clip, screen facing towards you than out!! it then fit snug for me!!
i love my this case! it is very protective! the holster could be a little stronger but over all very nice!
great case protects phone well belt clip is garbage broke on day three but phone has fell many times now and it works well.
this provides good protection for the phone, though a bit of dust, etc. will gather beneath the skin. this is my 2nd otter box as the first one broke at the retaining tabs on the side of the phone. at $50, not a bargain, but at $15, a deal.
overall i am very impressed with this product. tough, conection friendly, and water resistant.  my only complaint is that the clear screen protector tends to stick to the screen and bubble which can cause difficulty viewing screen in sunlight.
this case offer great protection from the elements and getting banged around.  the oil slick over the screen is annoying though.  all in all the case offers alot of protection for those who are hard on their phones.
works good and provides needed protection for the iphone 3gs. the belt clip broke after 2 years but the rest of the case continued to provide protection.
i broke my otter box clip. and i whant to replaceit but it's the same price if buy the hole thing. i will like to buy the clipp for at lease half the price since i am just buying the clip.
overall a good case for an iphone. however, do not order through at&t directly, as their customer service is terrible. best bet is to order through amazon.com; it is cheaper and delivery is faster and more efficient
solid constructiononly issue i have is when turning on the ringer from vibrate, the switch is partially blocked.  flipping from ringer to vibrate is no issue.
totally what i expected!  like the security that the case provides.  wish the belt clip were a bit more flexible/adaptable.  the hard plastic is difficult to get used to.
over all pleased. one thing i noticed was a speaker screen was missing and the other was placed crocked. other than that i'm satisfied.
yes the otterbox is bulky and not the prettiest but it will definitely save your phone.  this box has saved my phone numerous times.  without it i would have probably had to buy at least 3 new iphones.
i love it! i drop my iphone regularly and the otter box protects it wonderfully!
i love these cases for the iphone and itouch. this was the first one i bought and have bought another since then. what i do not like is the belt clip for these cases, it get weak very fast and the phone falls out easily.
my otterbox does a great job protecting my iphone. the only negative thing is i'm unable to charge my phone with the otterbox because the chargers i have don't fit into the charging space. otherwise, this is a great product!
if you are going to spend the money to get an iphone it is well worth it to purchase an otterbox. the prices on amazon are very reasonable when you compare how much they are to buy in the store.
the case is sturdy.  if you are buying it to give as a gift, i would not buy it from oem because the product does not come in the original packing because it is bought in bulk. otherwise, i would recommend this product.
protected the phone well for almost one year. the phone fell many times and it was fine. however the otterbox broke after almost a year, but that was fine, because my son upgraded his phone. works well.
i was pleasantly surprised that the otterbox i purchased appeared sturdy and fit my i phone appropriately,  all areas lined up perfectly, unlike some of the reviews i read.
great protection, no more hitting wrong buttons or pocket dialing for my husband.  my husband is firefighter and needs tough case to protect his phone.
just what i needed. it's a bit bulky but does the job. protects phone from kids playing with it.  wish after market car chargers worked with it.
great case, dropped my phone several times in it and not even a scratch. but the screen has these "watermark" patterns on it. google "watermark, otterbox" for several solutions. i eneded up going with some baby powder on the screen.
can't beat this case for the iphone. amazon has a great but fair price for this product. retailers charge much more than it is worth though.
great product.  there are so few sturdy cases on the market and the otter case really fills that void.  only one slight negative comment is that it is a dirt and dust magnet.  otherwise, well worth the money!
this product protect my iphone more than i was expected, i'm very happy because my little children can enjoy the games & music and more. i feel safe using this protection. my friends told me that i should protect my . myself insted my iphone.
love it. only complaint is you can't dock the phone without taking off the case. other than that indestructable.
keeps our iphone safe, but is a little bulky and the screen shows oil spots if you do not put powder on it.
as far as protection goes, this case is really unmatched. it is large and adds a bit of heft to the slender iphone but that's not necessarily a bad thing.
great item!!!! everything of the transaction went perfectly well except for the shipping process which took one week for the item to ship after it was purchased!!! after item was shipped, product was received relatively quick within two days!!!!
the otterbox reputation goes on untarnished.  i ride a 4 wheeler, not real fast, but ride just the same.  it protects my iphone from the dust and water encountered on the trails.
this case works very well. the only thing that might be better would be if the hole on the bottom were you plug it in was a little larger to accomidate larger plugs for some car adapters. over all i am very satisfied.
it's black and keeps the phone from breaking.  it's like putting a brick in your pocket.  not waterproof.  will match your shoes.
i like it.  the case was easy to assemble on the phone and puts the protection on the right parts of the phone.
it's big and clunky but it will keep the phone safe.  no problems with the holster if you follow directions.
protects my iphone 3gs. i like the not slip rubber. got is for a great price. no complaints. wish it was in a different color, but i'll live.
got this for bro in law for christmas gift. it was on his suggestions list. he said it was the best phone case out there. i just wish i'd had the nerve to get him the pink one.
this case makes it easy to operate and get a good handle on your iphone. it seems like fairly durable material to both handle and for impact. the only thing that's a little annoying, is it gets dusty easily.
the rubber like case protects the phone well.  i have never had a problem with moisture or dirt getting into the phone.
the otter box is a great investment that i made for my hubby. he has dropped his iphone a number of times. no bumps, or dings on the phone. only bad thing the outer plastic part that holds the phone broke. but other than that. my husband loves the case!!
i like the cover and it protects the phone very well. my only problem is that it's not easy taking it off and also it makes it difficult to charge the phone etc.
it has been great to have for the iphone.  i have dropped it several times and the case did the job!!!
i'm very happy with this otterbox product and the price was great. have not had any problems at all. this makes me think of german engineering  very well made, no frills, sturdy, and will do the job.
the case is a little bulky, but it protects your phone and keeps it clean.  i wouldn't use anything but otterbox.
this product is a very very good fit for iphone 3gs. it is very good for protection from shocks and damages.
work great! even dropped my phone and it was unharmed! it can be a little tricky to remove! i have a dock station it won't fit with the case on so i have to take it off to use it. but other than that the case has held up outstanding!
i always drop my cell phone in the oddest places.  this case has protected the phone from a drop of the hotel balcony three floors up!  while it may have been pure luck, the save sold me instantly!!
easy to install, excellent protection front and back. no problem typing on the iphone screen through the front (transparent) cover or accessing any and all the manual controls and connections. removing the phone from the belt holder takes some time to get used to.
love the price at amazon.com, saved $20.00 from what i saw at the mall, the only issue is with the screen protector, (bubbles)other than that i love it, my wife can now not worry about me dropping my $300.00 phone.  
there is no hole in the side of the hard case to turn the ringer on and off.  other than that, it's great.
very nice product, though a tad expensive, so i got it from amazon marketplace and received it for half the price, but that oil slick problem is a real nuisance, so i paired it with a phone devil antiglare and it is magic, highly recommend this product.
.absolutely the best protection for the iphone.  my house has ceramic tile floors.  anything breakable that gets dropped will break.  i've dropped the iphone numerous times and.no harm, no foul.  (would give it a 5 if it were not so clunky.)
seriously, this case has saved my phone more times that i can count. water damage, dust, it keeps it all out.
the otterbox is great protection for the phone,  the problem is the belt clip.  breaks too easy if it just bumps something.
the defender is probably the best protectionyou can buy for your iphone. a bit bulky tocarry in your pocket but awesome otherwise.
the case is very stylish and durable.  my husband loves it.  however, the belt clip was a bit too cumbersome.
i am very pleased with my purchase. i spend a lit of time outdoors, so the otter box keeps my phone protected in the most extreme conditions.
i like it but there is a bubble in the middle of the screen. other then that its the best protection.
protected my iphone once it already had a crack in the back from a lesser case.  lasted a full three years.  the one thing i hate: it was forever pulling my hair whenever i would take the phone down away from my ear.
very rugged, very sturdy but not very heavy.already paid for itself, since i dropped my iphone once or twice
got what i asked for, quickly, and at the best price i could find on the web.
nice strong case but screen cover has bubbles in it and you have to view the phone at just the right angle because of the reflection. the is solid though and just what i needed for my work.
love this thing. protects very well. only thing that isn't great: it's fairly big (not a dealbreaker)
nice product. would be nice if volume would go a bit higher, otherwise easy to use and good sound quality.
this is actually a very good headset, but i always have a hard time getting these things to fit well.  this is one of the better ones i've used.
great product. great sound and fit. a little bulky to slip into your pocket though. overall very happy.
i wear this headset in my left ear; people have no problem hearing me; i wish the fit were a bit more snug, but otherwise, i have no complaints.
the plantronics voyager pro isn't pretty but it really does the job.  it's comfortable to wear and the voice and sound quality is excellent!
i like this bluetooth, i can listen to music and the conversations are clear. what you should consider is the bulkiness of the part that goes behind your ear. if that could be made a little smaller it would be perfect.
what a life saver!!! i love having my hands free   i can get so much more done now. this headset works great. sometimes it is a little quiet, but i find that i just have to reposition the piece and then it is fine.
the headset seems to have a very good pick up when the other party speaks. you can hear very well.
i am happy with this product. the buttons are a little hard to manipulate when you are on a call.
i love this headset, except for one thing:  it will 'die' on you with no warning.  as such, i pretty much have to keep it on the charger when i'm not using it.  that being said, i can't imagine a better one for my needs.
i can't say enough good things about this bluetooth head set. i recommend it and if i ever loose this one i will buy it all over again. very comfortable to wear and good sound.
works good.buttons a little small and i wish it was easier to turn off and on.  however, the sound quality is very good.
best bluetooth i've ever had in terms of sound quality.  a little bit of a pain as it doesn't pair automatically with my droid x when turned on but worth the inconvenience.
the size of the product is a little big; but it is comfortable and the sound quality is excellent and is appropriate for almost all situations.
counter to what the advertizement claims, this device does not work well in windy conditions.  i called to different people at different times when it was a bit windy and none of them could hear me.  otherwize this headset works very well.
i'm extremely satisfied with the reception and especially how clear my voice comes across to others. yes, the unit is somewhat fragile feeling but it's the best sounding of the three that i've owned.
this headset works reliably and well.  the sound quality is above average and the microphone does a good job of clearly transmitting the speaker's voice without picking up much background noise.
great product, friends can't tell i'm on hands free. a little bulky when wearing earrings and i have long hair.  i would buy this again.plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headset
i bought this for my wife and she really likes it.  it works great and is simple to use.  good sound quality
maybe i have funny shaped ears but wish it would insert further into the ear canal for better hearing.comes with three different size ear pieces but still doesn't fit quite right, but other than that good sound quality for a blue tooth.
the first bluetooth headset that has good sound quality for both ends of the connection. the editors of cnet and pc magazine were correct in deeming it the best on the market.
great price, very very comfortable, although at first glance looks a little geeky, neverless this one is a workhorse, and seldom needs recharging.  i have had three versions of the bone, and this one is far better!
i really like this bluetooth and since i wear glasses it's extra nice to have a comfortable ear piece that is not constantly falling off
i purchased this item as a birthday gift for a family memeber. it arrived super fast and works terrific. another great purchase with amazon.com. thanks!
pros:  good sound quality.cons:  the rubber part broke off after 6 months of use, probably carelessness on my part  this ear piece is a bit on the heavy side  difficult to wear with eye glasses
sound quality is clear and headset is easy to setup and use. different ear piece sizes is a nice extra.
the incoming volume could be a little louder.  otherwise the call clarity is great and no complaints on the other end of the line!
for anyone that does not like the feel of the over the ear headset that doesn't stay put.  this unit that goes around the ear lobe like a hearing aid is a great fit
enjoy this very well, wish the volume could be alittle louder when you are in a noisy enviroment, but over all i think it is a good ear piece
i originally purchased it for my wireless cellphone needs but aslo worked great on the ps3. good clarity and the battery last a long time but the design is pretty old skool but it will do.hope this helps you out
i like most everything about it.  still not quite loud enough for me while driving but equal to the jawbone for much less.
i purchased this bluetooth to fit under my horseback riding helmet and to be able to listen to music and make calls while riding.  it works perfectly for this.
this product works very well. i was satisfied with the distance of the bluetooth. i also liked that it warned me when the batter is low and has no itchy feeling that you get with other devices. highly recommended.
good comfort, excellent noise (wind) reduction and sound quality.  if i had to list a negative i would say that the headset is a little bulky just due to to the design.  overall, very satisfied
comfortable,easy to use,clear sound,little if any annoyances.i am not a pro,but am very picky about comfort as i were it at least 12 hours a day.charge is easy too since the charger also charges my blackberry.
it does block the wind fairly well, though i only tested in in 10 15 mph winds.  visually unobtrusive, and i love the fit in my ear canal.  i barely notice it after 10 min of wearing it.
i find the plantronics to live up to its description.  the quality of the sound is excellent and it is comfortable.  would buy another one if needed.
both outgoing and incoming audio quality is great, most of the time.  but i am getting some static while using it with my evo as if the bluetooth connection isn't perfect.  not sure what's going on there.
in general, a good purchase. i can't get the fit right   it is either too big or too small (maybe i am just used to the headphones that go all the way in your ear).all and all, good product:price ratio
this hands free product works great! easy to sync and use.i use it all the time, in and out of the home. i highly recommend.
i bought this for my husband's birthday. it's the first bluetooth headset we've had, so i don't have anything to compare it against. that said, it works well, the sound is good, it's easy to use and it's comfortable to wear. we're pleased with the purchase.
i love the headset it did everything that was said it would do, the only problem i had is that i lost it . but i plan to upgrade to the plantronics voyager pro plus.
very good sound quality. every now and then the sound cuts out but it's rare and we're really not sure it's the headset or something else. it's very comfortable wearing it for extended periods of time. i recommend this product.
i love this bluetooth. so much that when i lost mine, i bought the exact same one to replace it. people still complain about wind noise.
everything about this headset is a plus except for too many warning beeps that can cover up the opening conversation. everytime the speaker is re engaged, the bleeping tones cover the opening conversation.
paired with the droid immediately.comfortable fit   not nearly as bulky as some reviews state.  good earpiece selection (5 total options included).nice sound quality in both directions.great battery life.buttons a little unintuitive at first, but easy to live with.
it is a bit large. however, once it is in place it isn't anymore noticeable than any other bt. according to those i'm speaking to the noise level isn't any different tham the motorola i was using.
great sound, but the headset does not fit securely, will not fit around the ear, seems to large.  otherwise it would be perfect.
suports the following bluetooth profiles (hsp/hfp). however, ipad requires one of the following profiles: a2dp; hid. technical details on bluetooth profiles are generally lacking everywhere. works great with computer and old cell phone.
it's good. it can provide clear voice during your phone calls. however, this headset doesn't support a2dp, so i can't use it for the skype installed on my cellphone (it works well with the skype on my computer). that make this product a little expensive.
i have tried lots of blue tooth's, but this one is the best by far, the person on the other end can hear me and i can hear them loud and clear, its get.
very useful device for talking on the cell phone while driving or doing household chores.  the sound quality is very good and the ear piece is comfortable.  it could be a little less bulky, but it is not uncomfortable.
does what it should do.  decent battery life, clear communication.  i can hear callers well, and don't have problems being understood unless i'm out in pretty strong wind.  unit is light and comfy.wear it all day with no irritation.
this headset has much better sound than my previous models.  my only complaint is the size of the piece over the ear.  i'm willing to put up with that for the vast improvement in the microphone and speaker.
i was quite impressed by the speed with which this item reached my mail forwarder. certainly fair quicker than my other items ordered at the same time. the item works as advertised as well.
hi,this stuff is amazing its works awesome . it has got good clarity and working perfect with wide range coverage .!!just a beep its not for people or women who want a blue tooth to be tiny and light weight !!thanksmax!!
great product, high quality sound, just what i wanted.  only negative i have is that the refurbished model i bought only had one size earpiece, it it doesn't fit as nicely as i would like.
this is plantronics' best sounding headset yet! sound is fantastic and extremely light weight to boot. i have own several plantronics is this is the best.
the voyager pro is an excellent quality headset. the sound quality is great. it is much more comfortable than previous bluetooth headsets i've owned. a little bit larger than most, but not an issue for me.
i've never tried a bluetooth before, and i'm addicted to this thing. great sound quality, good battery. it's very comfortable and seems durable. i don't mind the borg look.
good product  cannot come in contact with water.  it's gone if it does.  good sound and easy to use.
headset works as advertised.  not quite the sound quality billed, but not too bad as headsets go.only problem i have had is losing connection between my device(s) and the headset for no apparent reason.battery life is better than expected.
first bluetooth headset i purchased   and it's great.  use it all the time.  have no issues hearing or people hearing me, even in windy conditions.  it's a bit large but i don't mind.
i bought this headset as a b day gift for my wife.  she really likes it alot.  i've only had the chance to use it once and it was great. thinking about getting rid of my plantronics 520, and getting another voyager pro for myself.
i had to return the headset within 30 days due to problem with the unit.  i was pleased with the replacement process and received a new unit.
basically i'm very satisfied with this product. it lives up to it's promise. volume could have been a little louder.
the sound quality/clarity was excellent.  the wraparound earpiece is bulky and cumbersome for someone with small ears.  the earpiece kept falling off of my ear.if plantronics redesigns the wrapaound, i would consider purchasing the headset again.  excellent sound and wind resistance.
i used lot of headset before and all of them made my ear hurt after hour of use. the plantronics voyager pro is great, i even forgot that i have it on my ear.great sound quality too.
the device works extremely well: clear communications both ways.  easy to sync.  not the best when wearing sunglasses, is comfortable for long hours of wear.
does the job, but would also recommend the headset which does not have the over ear piece. would recommend this second to the other plant tonic ear piece. technically works great
easy to use and good audio and mic quality. battery life could be better. pairing is very simple and stable once connected.
the voyager pro lived up to my expectations and beyond. it styling comfort & performance is unmatched.
i really like the plantronics voyager. the only request i would have is to have the volumn a little higher. otherwise i really like it.
i bought this headset for my wife, the only fault with it is that it sometimes fall off of her ear.voice quality is excellent!!
i've tried about five different bluetooth headsets, and i can honestly say that this one works the best.  not the smallest.but the most comfortable and clearest sounding.  it works great.  shipped quickly.
excelllent bluetooth. i have tried all the quality ones and this one has great sound and fits my ear without me noticing it is there.
this headset works very well.  the only problem that i have is getting it onto my ear.
great reception, but voices can sound a little fuzzy.  only big neg is that it really goes through the battery on your cell phone alot faster.
i've tried all the big names. this is by far the best headset i've ever tried. no one ever knows i'm on a headset. works great on my bb storm 2 as well as various other phones i've tried it on.
works well, not 5 stars because the clarity of the ear piece is a bit fuzzy.  the mic is great, it does eliminate background noise and is clear for the person you are calling.the unit is a little big behind the ear but comfortable.  would buy again.
they should make different kind ear gel, the ear gel it's comes with they hurt my ears. otherwise great product, supper clear sound.
great product. no backround noise and can hear well with it. the only problem is it's a little thick to fit behind my wife's ear other than that it great.
this is a great product for hering but the rubber coating has cracked and causing it to be more flexable, can still use itand it does a great job, but not built very good.
i think they over sell the ability to block sound. i have found it to be no better than others of the same price. it is a good unit though. short charge time and good battery life.
this device works great. the only thing that would make it better for me, would be for it to stick father into my ear, as i am harg of hearing.
i like the product. good sound.i thought it was an in ear but the silicon ear bud just rests on top of your ear.i thought it was going to be heavy, but it doesn't bother me.
i have had it for 3 weeks and it has worked great, the bat life is not as stated. when it flashes 2 times you have to charge it or you get static. over all i love it.
works well. make and receive calls with little effort.this is the device to the price you san not beat it.
think it is an excellent product, but there is no justification that i will now buy 2 additional equipment for my family and the price has doubled
best ever bluetooth i've ever own, but the first one had a faulty on and off switch, which is the only reason it did't get a five star rating. volume can be turned up to very loud, and the battery life is the best period.
this is an amazing system/tool.  the way it fits in the ear needs major help.  when it is in properly it works great, but one has to work at it
i loved this earpiece. i lost one, so i purchased another, then i lost that one. lol.i could hear people perfectly, charged easily. no problems! paired easily with my iphone 4
best bluetooth i've found yet.  it moves a bit, but sound quality is better than a lot of the cheaper ones i've tried.
i have purchased several bluetooth earpieces in the past from cheap to over $100.  this one is the only one so far that everyone i've called, says they can hear me.  i can hear people just fine.  i would recommend this product!
easy set up and comfortable to wear.  having the charging case is pretty convenient.
fast service, but i don't like the case charger.  would be much better if it came with a car charger.
i have used this ear piece before. comes with a charger storage box. works great and this price was only a third of the first one i bought a year ago.
pros: the unit is small,  provides a high quality sound and good battery lifecons: i am not able to get any of the three earpieces to fit comfortably in my ear.  it constantly falls out
i absolutely loved it until my dog decided to chew it up.  i would buy another one if i could find the same model
i've been using the discovery 925 for several weeks now, and like it much better than my old plantronics. while it's wind noise performance is not great, otherwise the sound quality is very good and it is much more comfortable than having the loop hanging from my ear.
i have enjoyed my plantronics discovery 925, it was a replacement from the one my dog chewed up.  i need the medium size ear piece for it.  all i got was a large with it and it is too big.
i have found this product most useful and comfortable.  it has been a value to me
the bluetooth is great.  clear on both sending and recieving.  i needed to get an accessory to keep it in my ear but the product is the best that i have used.
the plantronics 925 fits the best of any earpiece i have had.  it's easy to use and sync'd to me phone instantly.
this device is quite sturdy and the sound quality is great. you must charge it every day because the battey is not up to par with the rest of the device. i still recommend it because the useful range of this 925 is stellar.
clear sound, good distance, great battery life   would recommendi use the headset with the blackberry storm.
the earpiece works very well although can be difficult to stay in ear.  the carrying case works as an additional charger which is a big plus.
best one yet (have had 2 motorola's). ear piece takes a little getting used to, but it is the best sounding and appears to be great on the receiving end.
very light unit. once your ear gets used to it, it's very comfortable and secure. reception on both ends are great. the only down grade i can give would be that it only has 3 volume settings. but i still highly recommend it.
this is my first bluetooth earpiece and i feel liberated.  i love this because it's so comfortable and really frees me up to do multiple things as i talk.
i have reviewed all of the bluetooth articles that you displayed in the amazon adds. for me the looks and design along with thearticle from plantronics led me to my decision. it works very well.
very cool earpiece.  fits in my ear nicely, dont have to worry about the earloop. sound appears to be clear (i have had no complaints from people on the other end). could have better battery power, so the charging case is necessary.
i bought this bluetooth as a replacement for the plantronics voyager pro (which was too big for my small ears), and so far, it's been great! aside from having a hard time getting it in the case, i can't complain.
using with iphone and instinctgood:listening qualitystayed connectedlookbad:fit in the ear was poor  (even the smallest ear pad was too large)sometime the other party couldn't hear during calls (happened more then i would have liked)
have had this product for over a month now. it works pretty well in fairly noisy environments. voice sounds a little muffled to other callers, but not bad. wind while outside can cause a bit of noise so this unit is better suited for driving or crowded room conversations.
long battery life, very good sound quality, lightweight and comfortable. recharging case is very convenient but plugging the earpiece is not so smooth. i'm very happy with it.
sound quality is amazing, people on the other end don't really hear much of the ambient noise, the only problem i found is after some wear, the ear tips gets loose and the earpiece starts moving instead of staying still on the correct position.
plantronics discovery 975 bluetooth headset   new oem in bulk packagingthis headset was easy to pair and has stayed paired. i wear glasses so the plugging in ear works and is comfortable.
all seems like wonderful design but i am unable to get a good fit in my ear the ear pieces are not a size that fits me well all other aspects an above average.
excellent clarity with voice & audio, light wieght & comfortable. can be left in the ear for hours without any discomfort. very good battery life with unique charging system (never be without a charge).
the price you pay for this great gadget is right on the money. it pairs easily on my blackberry. the noise blocking works good too. have not had any complaints from the callers on the other end of my calls.
it serves the purpose intended, small, compact, works well and battery life is very reasonable. the added charge case was an unexpected surprise and very practical .
its a very nice product and also perfect quality. its features, performance & looks, everything is awesome.
the plantronics 925 blue tooth i purchased is great. i highly recommend it to everyon.
my purchase was easy and the shipping was fast, i received the product as offered
bought this item as a gift for the 2nd time. the recipient says that they like the look and the reception of the bluetooth ear piece.
i like the amount of talk time it has before needing a recharge.  occasionally, it has a little trouble recognizing voice commands, but i am a safer driver because of this device.  it's easy to use too.
we now own two of these. my wife bought one, and i liked it so much i ditched my jabra (gave it to my daughter) and bought another for me. very light, and stays put on my ear. very nice!
this bluetooth headset has a nice designand works well.it arrived quickly and in fine condition.
pro: lightweight, comfortable, good battery life, good audio quality, good range, pairs with two devices.con: controls are a bit confusing, particularly when paired with two devices.
the noise cancellation is not very good at all, but it's light and comfortable.  don't expect to get more than 10 feet from your phone before it drops.
connection is fine; carrying case is great   and holds an additional charge. toughest thing is that none of the 3 different ear pieces fit very well.
i like the light weight.  the sound is good, but not great.  the little recharging case is a good idea, but very difficult to use, due to awkward angle.  feels like it'll break.  considered the jawbone for styling, but this seemed to get better reviews.
i really like this bluetooth earpiece. i get a lot of compliments and it fits well. i like that you can recharge it by putting it in the case.  it is obviously not as effective as the noise assassin headsets, but for the price i am very pleased.
i was apprehensive to buy a bluetooth headset without using it once but i heard a great review of this one so i bought it.  i am very happy with the quality and sound.  i would recommend it.
it's a good bluetooth ear phone and i like it. the mailing is fast as well. but i can't hear music though it from my iphone. i don't know why.
out of all the bluetooth earpieces, i've used, i love this one best so far.  everyone i've asked say that the sound is very clear and doesn't sound as tunnelly as others.
i have bought this blue tooth 3 times. if you put it in your pocket, you will lose it. it's not comfortable to wear for long periods, but it has good sound quality.
plantronics discovery 925 bluetooth earpiece. great reception. reduces background noise well so the person you're talking to hears your clearly.originally bought this item when the jawbone was first released. so glad i made the right choice by choosing plantronics 925! works better, looks better, and costs less.i highly recommend it!
i used this a couple times before i sold it, cause i didnt like having an earpiece. but it worked good, even though ending a call usually ended up turning the earpiece off. you either hold the button too long or not long enough.
earpiece works as advertised. doesn't fit my ear exactly, but well enough. once adjusted in ear, i forget i am wearing it. so far, works well with my razor phone and no problems
the main problem i have is that it loses touch with my phone frequently.  i never had that problem from the 510, however the fact that i can charge this on the go makes up for the problem.
the charging dock would not charge much. however the headphone is great. the noise cancelation is actually better than my car's bluetooth.
i have had many bluetooth devices and they have all fallen short in someway. this device has above average sound but people that i speak with many times complain they can't hear me. if would be nice if there were a bluetooth that was great in both areas.
the 925 is the most comfortable headset that i have own. syncing is very easy, blackberry found it with no problem.  i have heard no complaint about wind noise. i find using the voice command arkward, its easier to use the phone instead.
initially it took some time to get comfortable with how the product works. however, once i got the hang of it, it i realized it was so simple. i still haven't used all the features but in time i know i will.
really clear easy to use, though the battery life does suffer a bit over time, it can also hurt your ear if you have to turn ti on and off a lot. but otherwise looks great works really well.
i have a plantronics voyager pro that is clearer, but it's so hard to get on my ear that i use the plantronics 925 while driving. the 925 fits better. both are great headsets.
hi all,it's an amazing bluetooth earpiece.it's a best gadget.regards,marco.
the battery life is exceptional, sound quality is good and the fit and comfort are good.  the recharging case has made travel much easier.  i would recommend this product.
so far, this headset has worked well.  the only complaint i have is that it is too loud most of the time even with its volume all the way down.  i have it paired with an iphone 3g.
headset is great. it's light and got great noise reduction. you can hear it loud and clear. the only disadvantage is it doesn't hang to the ear. it falls out sometimes.
i am happy with the quality of this bluetooth, sound is loud enough compared to many others i have had. the noise canceling is at best. its a little on the bulky side but overall nice.
purchased for my daughter as gift: she says reception while driving is garbled for first minute or two then clears adequately to hold conversations.
i've used this earpiece with 3 different cell phones & have never had a problem using it with any of them. i like that it's small & inconspicuous & i can put it in the case, then in my purse, & not worry about it getting damaged.
t h i s i  s g o o d o n ei l i k e p r o d u c t
not only is it comfortable to wear but the charger case comes in handy when you are away from the current bush for extended periods of time. my only complaint is that the microphone is directional but careful placement fixes that.
it takes getting used to it in your ear but it does stay in once you get it adjusted.  sometimes people cannot hear me when driving but overall the volume is good.  would purchase newer version when necessary
great product works well, small and compact, very easy to use. good audio on both ends. very affordable and several ways to charge the device. plantronics has 3 sizes for inner ear fit. hardly know you have it on.
this is a good product. button is a little tricky but it is very comfortable. i used a motorola h 700 and this is much more comfortable with excellent sound. very happy with my purchase.
great bluetooth earpiece.  call clarity.  charging case is awesome. comfortable in ear.  only thing i wish to add is a battery life indicator.
clarity is very good. easy to use and charge.  comfortable to wear.  much improved over my old 645 model.  case is handy to protect the device to carry it around when not in use.
bought this for my husband and he thoroughly enjoys it. he drives aloud car with a loud engine and he is able to hear the conversations clearly while driving.
just as expected. do not like the ear piece, it drops out of my ear. should have an ear loop that hooks around the ear.
great product.
i found this item a bit more difficult to figure out then the last one i purchased, but after using for a while i like it bettr.plantronics discovery 925 bluetooth earpiece (black)[retail packaged]
just like the title says, works as advertised. good sound, reasonably comfortable, long battery life, straight forward directions.
once my husband figured it out he loves it and loves to charge it up in the container. i'm going to get one when mine wears out.
this is my fave bluetooth ever. i just wish they'd last longer. i'm on my third one and it's on its last legs too.
good product, fast shipping, honest seller. my girlfriend loves it and now shes hands free while driving. . what more could you ask for?
.i have had many bluetooth devices from a motorola 300 to a jawbone this stands up to the best.
it works well with the iphone, holds a good charge and i received it quickly. sean
sound quality good, stays in ear most of the time, love case to keep it in
i purchased this for my partner who is always on the phone especially during the ride to and from work.  the clarity of the call is much better than the cheaper models and is well worth the extra bucks.
a very good bluetooth earpiece but i've lost 2 already.  it would help to have a thin earwire like older ones have.  good sound. arrived in a timely manner
this item is good! but it still have something to improve.i expect that it will have the high quality in voice as normal earphones.
i finally have found the bluetooth that is priced right, i can hear others, and more importantly, people can hear me will diving 70 to 80 miles per hour on the hwy.  try it!
this is my favorite headset; light and works great. i lost one and bought a replacement. the gold color matches my hair.  
i like the idea that the case is really a battery that can be charged and used if needed for 1 charge for the earpiece. can be real usefull for long trip.
this headset provides the best audio quality of any headset i have owned over the last 20 years
have had several bluetooth devices. this is one of the better ones. clear, quick connections, a comfortable fit. the price was very reasonable.
good bluetooth. i like the feature that allows you to use two phones without constantly hooking up the bluetootth. the battery life is not the greatest but overall very pleased.
for the most part, the headset is fine.  it does hurt my ears even though i am using the smallest one, doesn't always want to stay in.
my only complaint is the wind noise, but there is an easy fix.i have seen info. about a wind screen/buffer posted on another review.overall, a great headset and very comfortable
i think this ear piece is a good product that works well most of the time. sometimes, when it is windy outside, the quality of the receptiion is not very good.
i am using this from after trying other options before. clear sound , ease o use and overall quality stands out compared to others.
i liked the clarity of the headset, the ear piece needs time to get adjusted too.  i would recomend this product it is the best bluetooth i have purchased to date. the case doubles as a charger making it a nice feature to have when traveling.
nice compact little bluetooth, my first. it took some getting usedto knowing what the little beeps mean and adjusting the earpiece to fit.answering a call and hanging up by pressing into your ear is a littleuncomfortable,but you need to have the right touch. overall its prettycool.
works well.  excellent reception.  great sound quality for transmitting and listening.  haven't it used very much so far but the battery life seems fine.  comfort is adequate (i need to try other sizes of earpiece adapters that come with it).
this headset looks very slick. great design. sound quality is great. the only down side is that the battery life is not as advertised. i get approx. 4 hrs normally. the rechargeable case is great for traveling without the need to bring the charger with you.
this unit is very comfortable and it has good clarity for the audio in the earpiece.  i was pleasantly surprised how well i could hear while driving as other models did not work as well.  i would recommend this item.
so far so good.  my wife says it looks bulky on hand but once on your ear not so.  good sound quality, can barely tell you are on a bluetooth.
it works well  reception is clear, however   it is a little awkward to fit behind the ear and it feels like it is going to fall out a lot.  i tried the various ear inserts and none of them feel very good.
this is a solid performer, and comfortable to wear, use.  it take a couple of seconds to connect from the phone to the headset, so sometimes you'll lose the "hello" or so. otherwise no problems, charge holds well.  worth the $45.
i've tried other headsets, but i keep returning to this one.  it's well balanced on the ear and comfortable that i frequently forget that i'm wearing it.  the noise cancelling isn't as effective with a lot of wind noise.
as this is my first bluetooth, i'm no expert on them.  i've been very happy with this one, it operates flawlessly with my krzr phone.
overall i like this headset. i have small ears set close to my head and was concerned about fit, but the headset is so flexible and light that it is excellent.  the sound transmission is ok. it is easy to use and i would purchase it again.
pros:can hear better than my motorola hs850 headset and my jabra headsetsmore comfortable than hs850cons:picks up more sound around me, people i'm speaking to complain about wind, ambulances etc.under a winter hat it more uncomfortable because it sticks into the earoverall:better than the hs850, and best headset i've ever had.
i really like this product over the motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic. what i don't like is it's too bulky, and the power button is hard to press.
i bought this to use with my t mobile motorola razor. it has clear sound.i do not hear the wind or any other noise.it is a great product.only problem is it has to be charged frequently, but so does the phone
great product works as described. only drawback is that it could be a bit clearer.
great sound quality, probably the best i've heard. only problem is that it's kind of large.
i am satisfied with the plantronics voyager bluetooth.why i love it: fits like a glove in my ear great connection great soundmy only complaint: there's no car charger, which isn't very practical, as bluetooths are used mainly for the purpose of hands free calls while driving
the voice of the caller, my speech : both are clear to each other. the bluetooth is light, snug fit, comfortable.the battery can not be replaced, upgraded. i wish it was possible to do so.
product is amazing but the free shipping was torture! it took over two weeks to get the item.
this device worked really. it's sort of big and it's extremely noticeable when you wear it. the sound was clear, and it's easy to sync the device to your phone.  the longer i had it, the faster the battery would die. there are probably much better/affordable headsets now.
it is a great product, sound quality is good and parse quickly.only cons is that it is little bulky
product arrived quickly. charges really fast. easy to link up to phone. good amount of talk time. great sound quality on this guy. can be a bit awkard to get a comfortable fit but over time it is pretty good. you just have to figure out what you like.
i will recommend this bluetooth headset to every one.on time delivery. thank you
this a great product. i have 2 cell phones (one for work and one is my personal) and it works with both of them at the same time.
works well with any phone. no problems with it disconnecting unless battery is low. just wish it had a vibrating alert. it actually works well up to 20 feet.
this unit is very comfortable. sound quality on both ends is good. standby and talk time are good. only complaint is connect time is slow. averaging 2.5 3 seconds after you press the button to answer. (undoubtedly, because of being only bt v1.2.)
second plantronics headset, same good quality.  i upgraded to this model from the m2500.  quality is the same, i did expect better/further distance from phone but did not get.  all in all, no complaints from persons receiving my calls.
he was a good product but first time problem in the installation until you hear the pieces and then solve the problemthanks for the company but in the new products i hope that the lower part a small
i love how clear the sound is, but is the headpiece is a bit cumbersome if you wear glasses.
this was a christmas gift for our son.  he was so happy and pleased. the service was good and the price was great!
excellent sound, comfortable,and good charge life. the different size ear pieces make it easy to be comfortable. i recommend this for anyone who has to wear it for a long time.
my only complaint is that it is extremely difficult to change the different ear pieces (once you attached one you are pretty much stuck with it). therefore if you did not attach the right piece it will not sit well in your ear. otherwise it is a very good product.
weekend there is no customer service, but on weekdays it rocks. i like the quality of this product. i paired this one with my cellphone(lg) and the laptop( windows xp,iogear) and it is working great.
clear for others, except my husband has trouble understanding what i'm saying.  not sure if that's the hands free, one of our phones, or what.
i wanted a bluetooth that didn't dangle and i could hear the conversation without asking caller to repeat what they said. really great reception no noise and clear. the plantronics voyager was a great choice and i don't even feel it on my ear. easy operation and lightweight.
this headset proved to be very easy to wear (and to have it stay on while walking around and such) and it also has pretty decent sound quality.  consistent results during usage, and pretty easy to operate.  good product.
great product, lightweight, forget it's on your ear.  great mike, easy to use. great sound.  the best thing i like about it is that it's so light, and hangs on your ear   not in your ear.
the blue tooth is a good ear piece. the only thing i can say negative is that the volume is hard to adjust other than that i like the voyager 510 bluetooth headset
i bought this headset for my husband for his birthday.  it keeps a charge for quite a while.  he sounds better on the headset than he does on the cell phone.  it's very easy to use and setup.
after trying a lot of bluetooth headset including sennheiser, this is the one i found the most comfortable on my ear.the sound quality is excellent.it;s light weight and does not fall off.the battery life is an amazing 8 10 days.well ,what more could i ask.
i am pleased with the voyager 510 bluetooth headset.  it is a bit bulky to wear especially if you have on eyeglasses or sunglasses.  however i would not hesitate to purchase this headset again because it has a very good sound quality.
linked to my phone without effort. the sound is clear.  the only complaint is that the unit is uncomfortable on my ear after a wearing for a short time.
i bought this to replace a motorola h850 bluetooth that quit working.  this has much more volume so i can actually use it while driving in my car.  it is larger and more bulky than the motorolas.  but for me, i like it for the volume.
this was purchased as a gift for my wife.she simply loves it.  she even utilizes it while we are riding our bicylces
i have not used this product very long but so far i am very happy with the way it performs.
does what it says, but fairly static y.  maybe it was my wife's lg phone that was the problem, but she didn't want to keep it.  we sent it back.  i only give it a 4 because it seemed to work ok with my iphone.
had a motorola and didn't care much for it. my plantronics is a better fit and more comfortable. it is a little bulky compared to motorola. so far happy with it. works decent in noisy conditions but the ear piece is much more clear and loud compared to the motorola.
i purchased this product for my wife.  she is very happy with it, so i am very happy with it, cause  when momma ain't happy, ain't nobody happy!
having used this and a motorola, this is the much better headset. good volume, good featres. it's not as stylish as the motorola, but much better for what it's designed to do.
the the motorola 750 and it was good but somehow broke too easy, this unit even though larger folds for an easy fit in the pocket.
this is certainly the most comfortable bluetooth system i've used, having purchased both plantronics and motorola.  the wind/noise suppression isn't spectacular, but the overall clarity is great!
everything works pretty well with this headset. the only downfall is that my ear gets tired after wearing for over an hour or two.
good quality, fairly good reception overall, switches easily from ear to ear. well balanced and not overly annoying. a little difficult with large eye glass frames. for someone who needs to wear one all day this is not a bad choice. i would like more options for the ear piece.
i haven't used it too often but i find when i do it works good the battery dosn't last as long as addvertiesed. i get a little distortion in the ear piece if i put the phone a little to far away from it. other than that it's o.k.
was able to buy this for a pretty good price. connected it to my phone without trouble. it is a little big but i like the pickup on it. my wife says the sound produced is a lot cleaner than my old bluetooth headset.
a little problem connecting to the iphone but otherwise for everything else i like it.
excellent quality audio, very good noise cancellation, very good battery life, and it fits securely (the plus side to its large size).  but, susceptible to wind noise and top mounted mute/power button is a little difficult to use.
great product, especially if you are tired of devices that are not loud enough.  plenty of volume and good noise canceling.  also, very comfortable to wear.
works well but the larger area behind the ear causes it to flip off the ear when putting on sun glasses.  i lost device 4 days after using.
very good product, improvement over previous plantronics models i owned. noise has been reduced and overall fit is good.
great! very satisifed.  i highly recommend it.  may take a little time to get use to though.
this headset provides very good quality audio reception. the only negative of the 510 is the size of the headset. all things being equal i would purchase this product again based on its performance.
i like this beter than h5, 1)because you don't accident redial. 2) i like that it tells you when you battery is running low. 3)easier to put on ear.4)you can raise the volume to hear better. and 5) hear little more clearer.
i bought this product to use for playing video games online, but i use it mainly with my blackberry.  it is comfortable and i can hear fine.  people i talk with also say they can hear me without problems.  pairing the device is a snap.
when your in the field repairing online equipment a reliable tool is important to get the job done.plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset with multipoint technologyeasy to setup and use. most comfortable headset that i have used. the volume switch is easy to reach. a must for todays serviceman.
comfortable, great sound quality, easy to link up with my nokia 6315. decent noise cancellation performance. i rated a four instead of a five because it picks up some highway noise while driving. it's not disruptive to my conversation, but it's there.
so far an excellent product. took a little learning time, but now very happy with it. i would reccommend it.
the reception on both my end and the other end is really great.  the wind reduction is really true.  my only problem is how it fits on my ear.i think my long hair just gets in the way.
plantronics 510 works great for me, no problems so far for this product from  me. great sound quality and noise canceling.it even plays the music from my mp3 player on my phone and sounds really good.
works fine.  it takes a while to sync, so do this before you want to talk.
this is the second one i have bought for my wife. she loves this headset. the only thing that prevents me from giving this product 5 stars is that the foam piece that goes into your ear wears out after about a year. other than that it's perfect.
great bluetooth, good reception and noise canceling when mic is placed against your face.  i only gave it four stars, because the fit around the ear is iffy.
it's big, and bulky. works okay. bought a sony that works great, and is small.
i am sure that there are better devices out there. for the money it is ok
i can hear fine and have had no complaints on the other end.i bought it to wear while working (construction) to keep my hands free, so far so good.definitely worth the money.
so far so good. good price, fast delivery. it's, it's, well it's just that no one calls me anymore.
comfotable to wear, sorta bulky though. sound is great, no complaints from anyone. easy to switch from left to right ear. good product for the money.
headset has many advantages over wired headset. this is my first cordless one, so i don't know how it compares to others. the windscreen didn't work as well as i thought it would based on the reviews i read before buying. but overall,it is a very handy and practical device.
the plantronics voyager 510 fits for small ears. it can be a bit confusing when calls are coming in and you are switching from call to call.
this is my second plantronics voyager 510.i bought another for my wife.  the clarity plus the way it takes background noise and wind away.is top notch!!
excellence sound and mic. power button is a bit hard to operate if you have big fingers.
noise canceling feature is great!  incoming and outgoing sound quality is excellent.  over the ear part is slightly too large for very small ears.  highly recommended for great sound but no idea how another reviewer was able to comfortably wear a headset this large under a motorcycle helmet.
so far i am very satisfied with the device. it has worked well in the car and inside. far better than anything else in this price range!
i am very happy with this product.  best wireless ear piece i have owned so far.sound is excellent and the unit is very comfortable to wear.
plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset works wonderfully.  sound is clear and volume is great.  i couldn't be happier. well except maybe if they made it easier to turn on which really is a minor complaint.  all in all i am very happy with it.
it works well and does what it supposed to.  i use it both with my cell phone and with my speech recognition software.  i recommend it!
i does much of what is advertised but the on off switch is hard to use.  i press on it and nothing happens many times.  you have to kind of pull down while pressing.
i recommend this product and was cheaper at amazon.com than in the stores
plantronics bluetooth has excellent quality and comfort. good sound coming in and going out. good value.
pros:good voice quality    good sound. relatively comfortablecons:tricky to change ear piecesear pieces somewhat deteriorate over time    the fuzz that covers the ear piece.it sometimes is a bit bulky, but overtime the weight disappears.the connector is some weird proprietary circle plug    why not usb?!?!
excellent device, clear sound no static. i would have given  it 4.5 stars but i am not able too. my only complaint, kinda big for small eared people. but excellent product.
some people had issues with the buttons being small. the volume buttons are kind of small, but once you get used to where they are, they're not that hard to adjust. good sound quality, no problems with interference.
aside from the power switch being in an akward spot (which i knew before buying this product) this headset for the money is very good. it might look a little goofy when on, but its comfort makes up for style.
i have had no problems with this product, its clear and reliable. its comfortable on the ear and sometimes i forget i am wearing it. in addition i always have 2 phones linked to it with no problems!
this is my 3rd bluetooth and by far the best. people i've called usually can't tell the difference if i'm on it or not. the only thing is that it disconnects every now and then (don't know if it's my phone or the headset)
so far i have really enjoyed this earpiece.  at first it was a little tricky to put it on, but now it is comfortable and extremely clear.  also, to date, i have never had to charge it before my actual phone.
with the primary weight behind your ear.  this is the most comfortable bluetooth i've ever used.  earpiece very non fatiguing.  my clients say they can hear me pretty well, but not as good as others i've used.
i like the way the bluetooth fits snug around my ear.  it is not bulky like others. sound quality is not as clear as i would like but it is decent.
never having used a headset before, i followed a sales person's recommendation to try this headset. it works well for me, though on the other end of the call wind or other distortions seem to occur. i am satisfied, but not thrilled  though the price on amazon was great!
researched until blue in the face and settled on the 510. i needed a set that i could hear with a noisy background and this set performs well. sometimes i get a loud chirp in the set, which is irritating, otherwise, it works well and fits right.
great sound can't be beat. ear pieces allow for custom fit. only down side is it's fairly bulky, don,t buy if you have little ears.
used before, like the way it fits, easy to sync/use, good value for the money, excelent way to purchase amazon.com
the product is very easy to use. it is well designed and comfortable to wear. the sound quality is good and very clear. the only negative is adusting the volume button.
my only issue with the ear piece would be the range. you can not move any real distance from you handset without having problems.
i paid a reasonable price for this headset and it's definitely worth the money.  i get some static at times, but no one on the other end has ever complained about the sound quality.
although the voyager doesn't look particularly comfy , do not be deceived, it is the most comfortable bluetooth i've ever used.as usual, amazon was spot on with shipping and delivery.
 good sound quality for voip bad sound quality for listening to sound effects on online game comfortable ear piece package arrived sooner than expected
it is very nice, light weight and good speech quality. i can walk around to next room and it still works. only a little short battery life, i need to recharge at noon to keep it working until the end of the day.
sound is crisp and clear and volume is very good.  very happy with product.
very good headset does not bounce around on my ear. i would recommend it to anyone.
so far the product works fine.i have a tiny ear(i guess)  and it doesn;t stay there withconfidence.  moving the buttons usually pulles it off.
got this bluetooth headset to replace a jabra bt125. i replaced the bt125 because it didn't get load enough. i have a loud vehicle and needed a headset that could overcome the engine noise.  anyway, the 510 works great. i'm extremely satified.
the title says it all. this thing works well and reliably, but often people say i sound good   though not great   and the multi function button is non intuitive for some of the higher functions. what can ya do.
the voyager 510 works very well, the best of many that i have tried. my only complaint is i can not tell when the charging level is getting low.
this is my 1st headset and it works great. the only issue is the power button is very difficult to activate, even when the unit is not on your ear.  it takes just that special push to get it on.
its exactly what the ad says. i like it, no regrets. anyway, plantronics is the leader in this area, why else are they going to land a contract with nasa. good work!!
the plantronics voyager 510 is my first bluetooth that i've had it's comfortable an sounds very good . a good bargin
great value. a little bulky but functional. feels secure on my ear. sound quaility is clean.
i am very happy with the product.  it is comfortable on my ear and the sound quality is great.  the only negative is the on/off switch is not easy to use.
make sure that your phone have bluetooth capability, because bluetooth adapters far from being useful.the headset itself is very comfortable and light.
this is my 4th bluetooth headset and first non motorola. it is by far the most comfortable, but certainly no fashion statement. not that any of them are, though. does the job.
i've had this headset for about almost a year and it works flawlessly. it is quite comfortable to wear with right size ear bud. only complaint i have is it's bit too large.
i found that the overall clarity of the plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth is far better than motorola's. the caller comes in as clear to me as i do to them.it sounds like i'm speaking directly into the phone rather than speaking into a bluetooth. am most pleased with it!
talk time more than 7 hrs, very clear, easy call pick button, on off button, easy pairing
i like this one as, the sound quality is good and also it automatically connects.
i have bought 3 of these items for family members and they love them.  a headset, like this one, that has an earpiece that goes in the ear gets so much better sound.
too conspicuous for public use unless you are into nerdom. great in the car.long lived battery.very statisfied with all aspects of performance, except hard to turn on and off [itty bittty switch].
quality is excellent and the clarity is above average. i bought one for my wife also and she loves it.
honestly, i've yet to try it out. but, i wanted folks to know this doesn't sync with the 2nd gen. ipod touch. i have two and neither one would recognize it.it did however sync perfectly with my samsung blackjack, which is what i wanted it for.
great purchase.doesnt get any better.have tried lots of stuff for cell phones over the years and have learned to buy only plantronics. always the best period. just dont expect to use the on/off switch without taking it off your head and using your fingernail
good quality while battery is charged. it's very difficult to find better bluetooth headset.
the inside ear piece is just too big and cant adjust it enough so it wont make the ear hurt really bad and get sore. other then that when its on it sounds like a open microphone, other then that its great
good, but nothing special campared with my 15 dollar plantronics, there is still much noise
works great.  the only thing is i wish it held a little tighter to my ear.  but maybe if it did, it would give me an ear ache.  so maybe it is just fine as it is.  yes, i would recommend this product to others.
i've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.  i wish it were a little smaller around my ear   the only reason i gave it 4 stars.
the comfort, fit and features like volume control are all very good. but, i get some complaints of echoing from people i'm talking to when i'm driving in my little toyota truck . it's still the best i've tried so far.
it came in a great package superfast with free shipping, did charge the battery for the required time. did do the setup with the krzr in 2 minutes and was done. did not even open the manualgreat product!
good clarity. however the fit for me is not snug because i wear spectacles, otherwise it works well.
i use this headset to talk over skype and its great. real good sound quality and the bluetooth has a pretty good range. its also pretty lightweight, could be a little lighter maybe, but thats my only criticism.
people can finally hear everything i say when i'm driving in my car and talking "hands free" with a more than adequate bluetooth.  also, great price.
besides being a liitle difficult getting into the ear and i am not so sure about the noise canceling feature.  it is easy to setup and use.  i am also little hard of hearing and this thing is loud enough for me to hear.
nice unit but i was surprised to ind that the unit would not allow you to play and listen to media.  songs, apps. etc. call quality is stellar
this headset fits well, has good sound quality, and has good enough battery life.  but as many others have said, the on off switch is terrible.  it's very hard to push and manipulate.  i bought a second one for my wife, but she hates hers.
the product was new as pictured and was received timely. it worked fine and i am very happy with this purchase. i had no problems with the seller
i haven't used it too much yet, but so far so good.  volume is good, and it is comfortable   both of which were problems with the motorola i tried first.  it even looks less goofy many bluetooth headsets.
the best thing about this headset is that it stays on while you're physically active. i couldn't shake this thing off if i wanted to. it's also nice and loud and has epic battery life.
if you are looking for a comfortable ear piece look no further! my only tiny gripe is a minor amount of static at a distance from my blackberry 8800. but, i believe this is an inherent problem with the blackberry! i own 2 and would buy again!
works well and sits on my ear well. all ears are different but this headset rests mostly on the back of my ear and i don't feel the weight of it pulling down on my lobe which is why i bought it.
easy instructions and works like a charm! i recommend this for anyone who needs to drive and receive phone calls at the same time. it will do the trick! a must have!!!jim
i purchased the 510 and used it only once.  i gave it to another person and they report it works great.  when i call, the voice is loud and clear.  i recommend it.
product works beautifully, but has some compatibility problems with the treo 700wx.  in its defense the 510 is not listed by treo as a compatible device.  but it works well except for some reconnection issues.
finally found a headsets that has good sound, after four trys.good product with good price. would recommend.
the sound on this head set is great and it is easy to change the volume.  the one drawback is the tiny power button.
this is a great headset this is the 3rd one for me and 2nd for my wife. our cat seems to like eating them just enough so that they quit working. i have had many different bluetooth headsets and this one is by far the best i have ever used.
very good headset.  i would buy another if this one is lost.
the plantronics 510 works well even in big trucks.the noise cancelling works well so you can hear and be heard pretty well.you can easily be 15 20 feet away and still stay connected with clear reception to handset.a good choice in bluetooth headsets.
i'm into my third bluetooth device and this is the best so far.  however, the on off button is still hard to find by touch and the sound is better, but not great.
very nice headset. would be 5 stars if the mic was a little longer. i use it on my motorcycle. great clarity.
this has been a great headset clear sound and long battery life. the only down side is the size looks like an old hearing aid. good buy if you are looking for function not style
this is lightweight and comfortable and the sound is the best i have heard from a bluetooth, and i have owned several. my only criticism is that it even a small breeze creates wind noise for the person to whom i'm speaking.
it's the only reason i bought this thing and it has greatly enhanced my game. it has yet to give me any problems and people i play with online say they can hear me clearly, so i'm very satisfied.
the sound quailty is great but the device doesn't stay put on the ear. i would have like it if were a little slimmer behind the ear.
very comfortable to wear and easy to answer calls.  only downside to this device is difficulty in turning the power off.  charges up quickly and has a long battery life.
my brother had purchased one of these at a truck stop for at lot more than i paid for it here on amazon.   this is a gift for our mother for mothers day. we are hoping she will like it. my brother loves his.thanks
product is working as described   very happy with it   does cut the noise level while using a headset.  very light and easy to wear   fits very comfortably as well.
this is a bit difficult to get situated on your ear but once you accomplish that, it "disappears" in that it's so comfortable you don't realize it's on.  also, the clarity is fantastic.
it's a pretty good device.  the clarity is really good and the sound is great as well.
i've used this bluetooth for close to three years. it worked very well for a long time, but recently the sound quality is beginning to wane, making it hard to hear. it fades in and out from moderately good sound to really poor sound.
the plantronics 510 has worked extremely well but the sysytem seems to draw down my cell phone battery quickly.
i like my new bluetooth. the only issue that i with the bluetooth is that it do not fix over my ear comfortably. however, the sound is great, and i think it looks cool.
a very good value item. delivery was prompt and all in good order
very comfortable and easy to use.  for the first time i can actually hear people and they can hear me.  it's great outdoors as well.
very nice for the price. holds charge for a long time and charger is compact for travel. could use a little more volume but still a lot louder and clearer than my previous erickson
this has been my favorite bluetooth of all the ones i tried. the sound is clear, and it's comfortable to use.  one of the ones i have is a bit more muffled, but i still really like the product.
headset paired easily with both my family's samsung cell phones, and speaker/microphone quality is quite good. overall design is a bit floppy around the ears, though, so try a friend's before buying.
it is not the most attractive blue tooth device but if you are more concerned about function than form it is exceptional.  the sound quality is great for both the user and the party on the other end.
this product has provided excellent and reliable performance for a reasonable price.  my only complaint is the size.  i've seen many other headsets that are quite a bit smaller for about the same price.
very comfortable, with excellent conversation quality. the only complaint is that the buttons are small and hard to locate while wearing the headset.
very comfortable. excellent sound quality and volume. turning it off and on is a bit clumsy; but over all it's a worthwhile purchase.
delivers good sound and better transmission than my cell phone.  fit comfortably and is very light.
a little bulky on the ear for a petite woman, but overall very good quality and battery life.  i can hear others very clear and have had no complaints that i am hard to hear.
the product was great but i mis ordered. it wasn't what i needed. but i did like it  it works good for a home blue tooth
this is my first bluetooth experience and i think it's ok.  i kind of hear people a bit muffled at times, but it's ok.they can hear me very clearly.i like it.  it looks good and fits great in my ear, even while wearing glasses.
it's comfortable, has excellent reception and a good mic.  when i talk i don't have to shout, and i can hear clearly!  not sure how long a charge lasts, however.  seems less than it should be.
this is my 2nd plantronics voyager 510! i still have my first one . this is my back up so i always have a charged one. it's always very clear even in the car with the windows open. i love it
the plantronics voyager 510 is a very good unit for the money.  both talk and listen quality are very good and the unit is easy to operate.  battery life is also very good.  i would recommend it to a friend.
this product is a good item. fits good on your ear and you can hear through it very good. drivers should get this.
great audiogreat ease of usecomfortable on eareasily pairs with 2 phones and distinguishes automaticallythe light stopped working within a couple of days on mine.  didnt bother to exchange as it hasnt affected the functionality
i had a motorola bluetooth and it worked horribly. the plantronics voyager 510 works great! it is comfortable, people can hear me when i speak, battery lasts long, and easy to use. also, the price  was ~50% less than what cingular charges in the store!
i love this product, it fits so easily in the ear and is barely noticable, would reccomend this to anyone.  very easy to use.
i spend a lot of time on the road and it makes me crazy when i can't hear or be heard because of my bluetooth. i am on my 3rd one. only because i loose them!  
i've had this for a month working with my treo 650 and it works well.  call clarity is good as well as headset functions interacting with treo.
it does the job, even though it looks like something out of a sci fi movie.
the device is very easy to use. reception is clear and callers can be easily heard. the only difficulty is when talking outside on a windy day. your call breaks up.
the on and off button is a little awkward to find. nice interchangeable pieces for different size ears. a little bulky behind my small ear. very good clarity.
i've used this product for around 4 months now and i am pleased with it.  it provides sufficient volume for myself and the listeners on the other end.  i would recommend the product.
this bluetooth blocks out the outside noise and you can actually hear the person you are talking to clearly. i recommend it highly.
seems to function well, you can hear them and they can hear you. some functions work with my moto v325i and some don't.this one is definitely more about function that fashion, it's a little bulky.
great volume, can hear very well using this headset compared to the motorola h700. the only thing is if you wear glasses they may not sit right on the ear you have the ear piece in. you can adjust around it but may take some getting use to.
everything is great. only one complaint, which i am not sure is it because of the service, blackberry equipment or bluetooth. but, the connection cuts on anf off every few minutes. that is a pain. otherwise, it is agreat bluetooth, very convenient, very comfortable to ears, clear sound when works.
i have used this headset for over a year and it is by far the best i have owned.  i recently bought one for my wife to replace a much more expensive and stylish unit   she much prefers this one.  better sound quality & reasonable comfort.
i don't have a lot of experience with bluetooth headsets, but this one seems to work pretty well. sounds good on both ends most of the time, and seems to minimize background noise well. it is bigger than some headsets, but it is also comfortable.
this headset is a reliable performer, and the multi point feature makes it convenient to use both on my pc (with skype) and on my samsung pcs phone.comfortable, too .
i just got one of these for using skype on my powerbook (os x), and it appears to work just fine. the sound quality isn't as good as wire'ed headphones, but that's an ok trade for wireless.
this is my third ear bud and is by far the best. the sound quality is better than the other two i tried. although the fit is a little quirky, sometimes i forget i'm wearing it. decent range, good sound quality, works well. i'd buy it again.
i like this product alot.  it is very lite and comfortable on your ear.  sound quality is excellent.  i have tried other models and this one is much better.
the plantronics voyager 510 is the best bluetooth i've ever owned.  the sound quality and mike quality are very good, even while driving.  the power button is way too small though.
i bought this because i sometimes work in noisy data centers and the voyager 510 allows me to hear clearly. my only complaint is that sometimes the power charger doesn't connet properly and the unit doesn't get charged.
i've had it a long time. i keep it in the car console to keep it handy. i only wear it for short periods of time. i hear just fine with it on and it doesn't bother my ear.
i have tried all the high end bluetooth headsets that are compatible with my blackberry.  the voyage 510 has the best clarity for the sender and receiver, no question and at a great price. if i could only keep my friend's dogs from using them as chew toys.
pros:people can hear you well and you can hear them well.controls are easy to use for volume.cons:inner ear piece not confortable for people with small ears.still kind of bulky compared to the newer generation bluetooths.
this headset is extremely clear.  the person sound like they are on a land line phone.  i wish is was a little louder. hense 4 stars.
i purchased this for use while driving.  it works like a charm since i keep the windows closed when i need to talk.  the only issue i have is that there is no way to monitor battery strength.
good battery life and sound quality.  light and compact.  the range isn't as far as i expected.  i would buy again.
this is a very nice product, it comes with three different sized earbuds. it fits snugly on my ear. no problems at all, and very good value. well done, plantronics.
a little bigger than i expected, but still a nice size and works very well.i haven't had any problems.  hooked right up to my phone no problem.
no problems with macbook, os x.4 using skype. easy to set up and easy to use. macbook is a little slow to find it sometimes.
platronics viyager 510 bluetooth is like the handsfree without the wire.i like the clarity and reception.what i dont like is the earpiece because its hard to place it comfortably in your ear and it can be heavy for a while.
this the only one you need. it has the best sound. the only thing is the battery life is a little short.all in all it is a 8.5 out 10
this headset has great sound quality and the battery seems to last for a long time between charges. setup was easy, and straightforward. the headset fit well and is light enough where it isn't uncomfortable. a little larger than other bluetooth headsets.but worth the money.
i like that this product because it has separate buttons for volume and on/off and call answer.  it is very easy to use and has good sound clarity.
excellent working headset. syncs easily. just a little too bigh given the pace of technology, it should be much smaller.
clear hearing for both people on the line.would rate as 5 stars if it was possible to charge it through usb connection. also, don't know what it's battery's lifetime is   it is not replaceable.
good quality.  except my wife complianted it does not fit her ears.
works great. several friends have them and love the quailty for the price they were able to get them at from amazon.
the headset works pretty well but the button to answer a call takes too long to answer so i have to grab the phone and answer there. i use it with a palm treo 650.
great product once you get it connected to your phone.  the ear "holders" are just one size and take a bit to be adjusted. but.once you get it all set up it is perfect!
great product; good sound.  only complaints are that 1) it's difficult to switch from built in car bluetooth to in ear bluetooth and 2)it's slightly larger than other models and occasionally has difficulty staying on my ears.otherwise, great value!
i love this blue tooth headset.  i don't like the on/off button,it is difficult to use.  otherwise it is great.
i have used several bluetooth cell phone models over the years, but this one is one of the best. not much difference than than the reception of the landline. most satisfied!
i have been using a jabra bt 250 for past 2.5 years and it's working very well but i got this one as a gift for my friend and it's working very well. good to have it while driving and light weight.
so far, i am pleased with this headpiece.  indoors, the range is good.  sometimes, there is considerable static when i'm outdoors and on the move.  otherwise, when i'm driving or at home, when i use it the most, the quality is good.
i was very happy with the price, and the product shipped as promised.i based my purchase on compatibility with my treo 680 and previousreviews on amazon and other sites.
i am enjoying the plantronics voyager 510. it is comfortable to wear, voice quality is clear; however, it is not as good at wind canceling as i had hoped. i do not hear the wind but those i am speaking with can hear it. overall i really like it.
great headset! sometimes fits weirdly when wearing glasses/sunglasses, but besides that has a good battery life, feels pretty good, and great sound quality. worked flawlessly with lg env touch, and droid2.
very good sound quality but the on/off button is a real pain.  good fit and a good buy with only that one negative.
overall this is a great headset for the price. the quality is decent and it's easy to use/setup. the buttons are a bit awkward to use. otherwise it's a good deal.
great product, i had some defected ones though and this does hurt my ear some, i have to take it off after a few hours.moisture gets in the charging port causing corosion.over all it works very good if you get a good one. (pl v 510 )
good product, easy to use.  like most others you have to keep your windows up and watch out for back ground noise.
very good sound. very comfortable. works real well.my only complaint is the on off tiny button:tactual feedback is very poor.
my wife loves it and uses it continuously.  it is easy to set up and use but its range is only about 10 feet, before the link becomes extremely noisy.  it is the only one we have tried so i don't know if others beat this range.
excellent sound on both ends. wind noise is minimal. could be 5 star except unit is susceptible to sweat.
very compatable with i phone. effortless set up. i phone easily detects the plantronics device when it is on. only one issue so far . the on off switch is very small and awkward though. makes it hard to turn on.
this unit has the highest volume i have found. batteries have decent life and unit is very comfortable.
i bought this headset about three weeks ago and have had no problems. the sound cancellation feature works well, which helps when outside or driving. i paid about half what the headset costs in local stores and am well pleased overall.
this unit, while being a bit large, works very well. the on/off switch is a bit of a challenge to work.the noise cancellation doesn't seem to be the best based on those who have been on the other end of the conversation.overall it is the best i used to date.
headset fits smartly around ear. you hear others fine. i have had complaints that i sound like i am in an echo echo echo chamber when friends listen to me. still suits my needs well.
my son requested this item and was very pleasedhe should know
bridge over the ear is too flimsy
purchased for use with ps 3 for online gaming. works great, easy set up and configuration. excellent bluetooth!
its earpeice works well only real complaint is the overall size which is larger then most and make it difficult for a man to carry in his poctets, its fine in my wifes purse.
i have found the product very easy to use. clarity of talk and receive are very good according to my reception and the people i talk to.
the bluetooth works great, especially like the options on the earpieces. has great clear tone.
excellent sound, no static and very very comfortable. price is also very reasonable. was so good that my wife took it from me and i can't get it back, but that is ok because i am going to order the 520!
i remember not liking the packaging, but overall it came in real handy so that my daughter could keep her hands on the steering wheel.
i found this bluetooth to be very easy to set up and i am not very electronically inclined.  the reception is very clear and i found the device very comfortable to wear.  very happy with the purchase.  r
this bluetooth headset is an above average headset. it is comfortable but a little bulky feeling to me. good battery life. above average sound quality. this is a good headset but not great.
the product is of good quality and noise reduction is excellent. the only trouble is the size. its bit big. other than that it serves the purpose. the seller is good and i received it very fast.
this product is worth the price. excellent battery life and excellent usefulness. i use it with the phone and with my laptop, to chat on the net. the wind blocking could be a little better though. i love this product. the ear buds keep falling of though.
since this is my first bluetooth device.i cannot compare to other headsets. so it seems to work fairly well and reliable. has excellent battery life. also, for $45/new it was a great deal.
got my blue tooth head set in a reasonable amount of time in new condition.
only the 2nd b/t i have tried. works fine. though it is bulky to wear with glasses.
i have to say i'm very pleased with this product.  sound quality is very good compair to other product out there for money.  only down fall would be it's not as compact as someother brand.
this was good, but too big for my ears, so, i would suggest the person buying it, plaase take care if it fits u or not. it looks stylish and voice quality is also good. i can easily talk while driving.
this product is nice and sweet and i am very happy with this one, the power charge comes for quite long time, although my iphone runs out of power faster than usual. i recommend this product.
this is my second bluetooth headset. i bought this mainly for the style and it did not disappoint me. excellent clarity of voice and overall a good buy for the price
best sound and range of any headset i have used.  battery life is great too.  it looks dorky, but who cares.
nice product to use. good voice quality. no signal problems, easy to connect to any cell phone.
it looks a little funny but it works well.  this is my 4th bluetooth and it is the best by far.  very comfortable and i have had very few complaints from others about being able to hear me.  for the price best one around.
overall, i am very impressed with the headset.  people can understand me clearly and i can understand them clearly.  this is the best headset that i have tried thus far.
i really like this headset.  it's comfortable, and has good sound.i liked it so much i bought one for my dad for his birthday.
i have tried many bluetooth devices but the voyager 510 is the best of the bunch. easy to wear and very good sound quality.
not a bad headset, a bit confusing to use.  it wouldn't stay linked to the phone and was almost returned.  once we figured it out it has been used continuously with pleasure.  i am a fan of plantronics and have worn one other model for 2 years.
works great. has a little more background noise than my last one, but other than that it's great. easy to use. easy to put on in a hurry when the phone is ringing!
this bluetooth is pretty reliable.  i don't take it off all day.  it's pretty good well kind of great.  i know there is better but for 50 dollars it is ok for me.
i am very happy with the product; the clarity of the calls is excellent. if i had one complaint, the product sometimes slips off my ear.
the 510 has been around for awhile and is heavier and larger than some of the newer models but i find the audio quality on both transmit and receive are excellent.  battery life is also quite good.
i totally agree with the 4 to 5 star ratings. i hear everyone clearly and they can finally hear me. you just can't beat it for the price.
and loud enough to hear screaming down the highway in an s4 at 110, with the listener none the wiser   a+
i love this one better than other brand. so far works great , loud n clear, with noise cancelation technology.
ear piece is the best one i have owned. stays in place perfectly never in the way, doesn't hurt my ear. clarity is very nice!!!! better than my new incar bluetooth. i do wish the volume went up a tiny bit more. but really no complaints!
an excellent bluetooth headset!. bought two for my wife and me. this was my third one. clarity of sound excellent. holds well on the ear. convenient multi function button. much better than the motorola headsets i tried before switching to plantronics in terms of sound, reliability and pure durability.
headset is not pretty, but has the best sound quality out of the several headsets i've had.  big and clunky, but does the job, especially for business calls.
this is very good headset. even gives decent quality voice in noisy environments. the only problem i had is changing the ear heads. its not intuitive and i almost broke it trying to change one! other than that, i have no complaints.
the headset works well with my wife's iphone and my pre.  the only issue i have is it is a little flimsy, but it has held up in the first month of use.
this headset has great sound quality and you can increase the volume way above what you would ever need.  the only complaint is that i prefer not having something stuck in my ear.  i guess that is a trade off for good sound quality.
i am very happy with the product. although the component that wraps the ear is a little thicker then i like, it's pretty much exactly what i was looking for.i am please with the purchase.
product is great. multipoint technology works well. there is a slight delay from when the phone actually answers to when the headset works. this annoys alot of people i talk to. also, i get some complaints about people hearing me. but overall i am very satisfied.
i love this headset, only downside is i can't use call waiting with the headset, i have to do it on my phone.  other than that it's really loud when i need it to be and sound quality is great as well.
its a little hard to get the hang of the voice calling but it's a nice tool and the price was unbeatable.
this is my second one. first one lasted about a year. love it. connects well and talks clear. is comfortable and easy to use. geat noise reduction in the wind. i would buy this unit again.
easily paired with two phones, simple to operate, great standby and talk capabilities, comfortable for hours.  i recommend this product.
i have purchased at least 5 bluetooth headsets, and returned all of them.  this one is so clear that my husband and i both use it and so does our son.  three is one family.  all purchased thru amazon.
it was easy to setup and use, unfortunately there was still static when working with my treo.i still like corded better.
works well with my iphone and sounds good.just wish it had a usb connection for charging.
bought this product for my father. he seems to like it pretty well. it's more comfortable than the motorola bluetooths and doesn't produce the echo effect.reversibly comfortable on both ears, very bendy and flexible.
pros:comfortable, reliable, good quality, nice looking (subjective!!),cons:a bit big, heavy, the ear bud/gel bud comes out very often and tends to be lost, does not withstand car's weight
i was looking for a headset to work between two devices and this headset does that well.  it's not the most comfortable or stylish, but it does get the job done.
very light and ergonomically easy to wear. great reception. will not dislodge from the ear if you move your  head fast.
i purchased the voyager 510 blutooth headset some time back & i really like it.it works great except when i talk to someone who's on spaker phone or when it's windy.
this object is very good, it works very well and it is easy to pair. only small flow : you can easy loose it
sound quality is pretty good, although the body is a little bulky.
had this for over 2 years and worked like a charm.  rugged, reliable, secure headset.  got wet in the rain a few times and died, unfortunately.
i haven't had much luck with the motorola bluetooth headsets   poor voice recognition, annoyingly bad fit, etc.  the voyager is comfortable and effective.  i'd buy again if needed.
unit came doa from amazon.  i contacted plantronic directly they shipped out a new unit asap the new unit works very well wind reduction is ok sound is great very comfortable.
this is my second voyager 510.  i have been pleased with the ease of set up and the sound quality.  fair price and good quality sound.
i have been very happy with this headset.  the quality is far superior to the jabra headset i have used in the past.  the price is great   i fully reccomend.
i really like mine and would have given it 5 stars except that there is no available car charger for it.
this product has a bit bigger profile and is not as convenient to turn on and off as other competitive products, but it is by far the most comfortable headset i have ever used.  if plantronics fixed the problem with the difficult on off switch, it would rate 5 stars.
very good headset for the money. light weight, stays put in your ear, and works excellent with my sony k750.
this headset does what it claims to do. the sound quality is very good and it is very easy to use. my only complaint is with the on/off button that is difficult to use when the headset is worn. it is also hard to push off the ear but doable.
love the headset except for the fact that there are only 3 ear pieces in the box.  i have small ear holes and could use a smaller ear piece.  other than that its great
although this product feels a little bulky,the sound heard on both ends is remarkable. links to my phones and my computer for skype. highly recommended for the budjet minded.
good sound quality etc. i just wich the ear fit more comfortably into my ear like jabra.
bought these as a cheaper alternative to other bluetooth headsets. great choice! phone calls are a little echo prone (on the other side) but music sounds great.
still testing theses out.  hopefully  ill have a good review next time. motorola is a great brand !  but he price is even better.
decent sound quality.  easy to link to phone.  easy to use.  sweat causes issues over time.  light and fairly comfortable.
characteristics of devicehis voice is clear and light weightease of usedefect in which only a distance of palace receptionthank you for this wonderful device
before i purchased these i was skeptical if the sound quality would be any good. these headphones def deliver good quality sound. even the bass is better than i expected for bluetooth. would highly recommend these headphones for the gym also because no cords is very convenient.
my only issue is a little slow turning on, also would like to be able to adjust how long they stay on when not in use.
i bought these a little over a year ago for use on an iphone 3gssound quality was greathad about 30 feet (with walls in between) signal radiusgreat for phone callsonly down side is that after a year the thing no longer charges.great buy for $40 but they wont last long.
just perfect. it is as explained in the manual. i use it with my laptop as well to receive calls. some times it does not work. just a restart will fix all the issues.
el equipo es muy bueno, apesar de que tieme aprox. 1 segundo de atraso en el sonido. es comodo, liviano y las puedo utilizar con mis gafas. para el precio, lo recomiendo.
i'm using to listen classes on my notebook (sony vaio). it works fine, better than rf stereo transmitters. it works fine in a range of 10 meters (11 yards) at home.
the sound quality is surprisingly good for the price. headphones are light and small which makes them easy to travel with. only complaints are that they feel somewhat cheap as they're constructed totally from plastic, and they sit uncomfortably on the ears
headset seems to work well.sound levels and clarity are fine.build quality is not great and the side mounted buttons are not obvious or easy to discern.overall, happy given the price.
i purchased this to listen to music at work. it pairs perfectly with my tmobile g2 as well as my galaxy tab. it pairs with my dell laptop but does not work well with skype, which is why i haven't given it 5 stars.
i was kind of excited when the package arrived. i knew what i was getting, but didn't know what to expect. i have to say i was suprised. the sound quality is great and so id the ease of use.
occasionally the bluetooth will disconnect from my phone but i am not sure if its the device or the phone but otherwise works great but do not make phone calls in windy areas the mic is unguarded so the person on the other end can not really hear you.
this isn't bluetooth 4.0, and it is somewhat clumsy when switching between attached devices.but it delivers great sound and acceptable microphone input at a great price.
i'm happy with the motorola s305 headphones.  i use them with my galaxy iii mini phone, galaxy note 10&#34; notebook, and windows 7 pc without any problems.  the sound is good and i enjoy not having to bother with wires.
love these headphones but it's only been a couple days and they broke. the volume button no longer works, a piece of it came off internally. so, i guess overall, they are good, just really delicate.
bluetooth range and sound quality are pretty impressive. the only problem i had was with the design of the loop, which causes a slight pain on top of your ear after using for long periods.
bass for the headphone is less. but sound quality is good.handy and light in weight.if improve bass then it will be worth for our money
excellent. this product is lovely and is very good for use in my appliances and others thing to my family
excellent product so far . nice bass response and great sound. could be a use more volume if your going to be using around machinery.
fast shipping & good price. it was just not what our son wanted. still trying to figure out exactly what he does want!
useful bluetooth headset for bike commuting (i'm not on the road). occasionally skips, callers say quality generally good. i would purchase them again.
looking for a great sounding headset.  these fit the bill.however on occasion they can be a little to sync with my smart phone.
this is an awesome product,it serves the purpose.i bought it mainly so i can listen to music when working out.i does break up sometimes but overall it is a good product.
this is indeed a great product.  i love it! the product is durable and it serves its purpose, which is to allow me to listen to music and talk on my phone.
receiving distance is great.  very comfortable to wear.  slight issue turning device on and off which gets annoying but well worth the money.
purchased the backbeat first and the fit did not work for me it was the ear plugs outside my channel.  this design works great and the sound is superior and it the pairing with my iphone 4 is great.
the motorola s305 is one of the best bluetooth devices you can get for your money. the sound is great and the delivery was fast. the product does have a few issues with range, or when the phone is in the case. other then that, the product is great!!
fits well. comfortable. good sound quality.works with books, music and phone. exceeded expectations at an affordable price.better then previous unit.
product showed up on time and works great with the new htc hd2 phone,sound quality is good but not as loud as a more expensive set but for the wireless feature their awesome and the price is right!
after reading other reviews i decided to go ahead and purchase the product. so far so good. pretty much what i expected. the packaging could be easier to open (have to use knife to open it). as most products now a days skimpy directions. good value for the money.
ear band could be a wee bit more comfortable, and there's an occasional bluetooth connectivity glitch but overall i'm happily surprised at how well these work and sound for the price.
very light. it sounds good. not great. very easy to pair this unit. all controls are very easy to reach. i recommend to a friend.
it's working really very good. i didn't face any issue till now from the date of purchase. if any issue, i will update same here
great sound and great price. clear voice during phone call. only thing is. the plastic handle that curves over the ears are quite uncomfortable, especially when i have my glasses on. but the freedom from wire clutter and loose fitting earphones is such a wonderfully liberating experience.
so far so good! i like the fit and the sound they produce. sure, you can find better bluetooth headphones out there but for the money, you can't beat these!
for the price these are good, wish they would go a bit louder. but all said and done a good buy.got them quick also.
very happy with performance.  i have had others that were more expensive and didn't work nearly as well.  great value!
optimus v phone with android 2.2. everything works as it should. i gave it 4 instead of 5 because it is not all that comfortable on my head. it is my first set of bluetooth headphones, so take it for what it is worth.
works very well and what i like about it is that there isnt anything that is sticking in your ear and you have good hearing of people around you when headphones are on.
my brother really likes them and says they have good sound quality and are comfortable to wear.  they charge quickly too.
sound quality is not the best, but these charge quickly, last many hours and work well as a call/chat headset.
pros:lightweightcomfortablequick charge timeflexible/durablecons:cuts in and out occasionally (not often enough to warrant lesser review)sound quality is weak in the lower end of the spectrum (great at mid and high ranges)
these headphones work very well for listening to music.  they also can be used for hands free phone.  the mic is a 4.0/5 but better than almost every mic i have used.
very useful, very happy with my purchase. 2 things that would make it better is a slightly longer band and a little more volume. overall very pleased though.
good headphone i used it with my iphone and it connects well. the sound at times is too low even on the highest setting.the battery life is good
great buy, comfortable headset at a good price. hope they last for a while. i only use it with my ps3 and so far no complaints!
product meets expectations. enjoy using this product, clarity is good, lightweight and comfortable. would but product again and will use seller again.
works well but the plastic that goes behind the neck warped so the ear pieces never stayed even, for me.  there was a little interference while walking around nyc but i think that was the area, rather than the product itself.  overall, its a pretty good product.
functionality is good, sound quality great, easy to sync up, comfortable to wear when i am running or biking, just nothing bad to say about this headset.
i use these with my iphone while running.  i usually get about a week out of a battery charge, sometimes more.  they're comfortable and they stay on my head very well.  the only con would be that the foam ear pads soak up the sweat really well.
easy to connect and use. comfortable fit. battery life not as good as other on the market. i would revisit this when my current pair does.enjoy!!
highly appreciate the better range from the transmitting device that this unit will work at.  i have had previous that could only be a couple of feet from the pc or phone.  microphone quality is fair, sound quality of the headset is quite good.
the earphones are great.  the only problem i have with them is that they have some kind of hidden agenda.  sometimes will be sitting there and a song will just start playing.
i got these as a gift and am very impressed with the quality of sound and overall feel. excellent product.
this bluetooth is quite nice.once i finally learned how to work it i'm sure it will be better. the sound on it is good.
had trouble connecting at first but now that it is connected, no issues with this device. no complaints from me at all
i wear it to run. i pair it with my pc too. no problem so far at all. satisfied with it's sound quality as well.
these are a nice headphones      battery life is pretty good     i was happy with the purchase i would recommend them  and they came pretty fast
the only thing that i would say is a drop negative about this item is that the back bothers me a bit when i move my head backwards. great sound and very easy to use. i really enjoy being connected by bluetooth.
works great, good battery life, background sound cancelling would make it perfect when not using, haven't found a comfortable place to wear it
good value for money. i can connect easily to my macbook pro, iphone 4, and blackberry. sound quality is good enough. downward: it takes quite sometimes to reconnect to the device once you cut the connection off. otherwise, i would have rated it with 5 stars.
this is a great headset sounds come in smooth and clear but if your into heavy bass you my not like theses i had to go into setting on my phone and adjust bass. but i love being able to work and not get hung up on cables
they work great. have a little keeping them paired with the phone and ipad simultaneously, but other than that they work as advertised.
great product for price. works well at the gym. doesn't get as loud as i want but then i'm half def anyways
for the money, this headset delivers decent audio quality, good comfort, long battery life and accessible controls. yes, the construction is low grade, but i don't know what else you would expect at this price point. i wanted a good sounding wireless headset and this absolutely fit the bill.
easy to pair or sync via bluetooth.  they hold a charge really well and are comfortable to wear.  the sound quality is a bit lacking, but you have to remember these are wireless and the sound isn't the highest quality to begin with.  i would buy again.
my husband really loves these headphones. i got them to replace some i ordered off ebay that did not work. the sound quality is good and they connect to his ipod touch and phone.
not quite as loud as i wanted but over all it is a solid product i use it just about everyday.
i like these headphones, because i can use them with my iphone. i can listen to music and also answer phone calls, if necessary. i use them when i go to the gym. the only drawback is that the padding on the earpiece gets wet when i work out.
easy to connect.decent sound.good batt life.i agree the plastic loop on the back does feel like it's going to break.my biggest issue is if you are walking with your phone it loses synce a bit and skips mid song.
the over the ear part can be irritating i would have made it softer and more pliable for comfort. otherwise great.
relatively cheap, light weight, and most importantly, easy to set up with the dc800 bt transmitter. audio quality is adequate for stereo tv output
they are pretty good but i wish they fit in my ears better .they sound good just to fit better.
this product plays a great sound.  it is worth the price.  easy bluetooth connection.  light and comfortable to wear.  control buttons could have been designed a little better.
overall performance is good.  i have had some issues with the power button not turning off.  after 5 min. is should shut off automatically, but it does not. the range is great, i can walk around the gym and keep it in my gym bag.
the product is good definitely, worth the price. good to use in a noisy environment, not a preferred one for loud listeners.
pretty good for the price, but can't figure out how to skip a song on them.  pretty comfortable.  good price for what you get
i like the sound quality and the comfortabilty of this headset.the battery life is some very important too.me gusta la calidad del sonido y lo c&oacute;modo de estos aud&iacute;fonos.la vida de la bater&iacute;a tambi&eacute;n es algo muy bueno e importante en este art&iacute;culo.
i've only used it a few times and not yet for running which was the intent for purchase   but so far i like it. it works with my i phone just fine and was easy to pair. good value for the price.
very good battery life, light unit, nice sound quality and easy to setup on iphone 3gs.very satisfied with my purchase
snug fit, works well, my only complaint is i have had trouble figuring out how to connect it to devices.  some other bluetooth devices are easier to connect.
it has a really good sound quality, the only issue is the plastic stripe isn't adjustable and may be a little unconformable at first.
very, very easy to configure and to operate. the sound is very good and the battery last as expected. i can use it for hours.
these are nice   they work great for a headset for music; however, on phone calls, people complain that they hear everything in the background.  this is more of a speakerphone that goes directly on your ears, but the music quality is great.
people on phone a lot or on tabletlike that you can answer phone and resume what you were doing
i bought this for myself originally. i gave it to my son because he loves it too. i may purchase another like it.
the only thing missing to be perfect is can't change the song from the headset.
sound clarity on and distance, the only con is that a little difficult to connect and disconnect headset from bluetooth signal.  other than that they are a great set.
it replaces another s305 which had the rocker switch break after 4 years. battery was excellently the old one till the switch broke.
i have had this headset for a couple of weeks now. so far this wireless headset is really comfortable. the quality sounds is pretty good. kinda wish it produced a little more bass other than that. i like them.
the sound quality is perfect for what i need, easy to operate and charge, though it's a little uncomfortable for my ears. they seem to be a little tight on my ears and it begins to hurt if on for more than 10 minutes
i got this for limited use at work. its not the audiophiles dream by any means, but it does its job (so i can do mine).
great buy. noise cancelation would make em better but overall still a great purchase. anyone thinking about it will not be disappointed.
bought these for the wife; already had a set of my own. i have had mine for a couple of years; actually pretty much wore the foam padding off. while they may not satisfy a true audiophile, they work perfect for me and the wife.
good sound. the first one i received went 6 hours, then 2 hours, then would no longer turn on.could have been moisture sensitivity from using them while running.
its nice for the price it sells at. very easy to connect and nice sound. certainly not for audiophiles but is good for average music listener
so far i love the quality of sound both for calls, and for listening to music, or audio books. the volume control is great because it emits a tone change so that you know if you are increasing or decreasing the sound. over all good quality at a great price!
very light weigh product, nice sound quality and battery life. i highly recommend this product to any music lover. experience with amazon is always magnificent.
these headphones are much better than i thought they would be. i'd recommend these to any one. they work great when you get phone calls too.
i loved these headphones, but after 3 months, the volume button stopped working. kind of cheap design. had to through them away. motorola can do better than this!
i like really very comfortable, the material is of good quality, are very light, the battery duration is acceptable, good price and sound great.
it's very good. reception is quite good and it is easy to work.  charging time is minimal.  i like that i don't have to put it over my head.
they are not perfect but pretty close and get the job done. motorola's dj s308 were bulky but had a longer battery life other wise very good headset.
pros:  great design, constructed well. fair price for decent sound qualitycons:   crappy batter life compared to the artic bluetooth headphones i have when the battery gets low the headphones emit an annoying sound every 30 seconds so you can pretty much forget trying to use them.
use them all the time. would highly recommend. a little short on range but ok if you have your device on you.
i love these for exercising. they stay put when i'm running. every now and then when i use them with my laptop it takes a while to connect but other than that, no issues.
these would be perfect if i wore contacts, but even tho i wear glasses, they are still great. just not perfect.
good sound and ok fit. get some "drop out" while walking in the neighborhood and in the weights area of the gym but none while on the treadmill in the gym. not sure where the interference comes from.
i bought these to listen to music off of my droid phone at my work cubicle. very comfortable. decent sound. way better sound than ear buds. i am very happy with this purchase.
i am generally very happy with the product.  i find the ultra flexability of the headband a little uncomfortabe.  it's hard to keep it symmetrical.
quality is pretty decent.  good bass in the speakers.  wish that the plastic headstrap piece pushed the headphones to your ears a little bit better, but other than that i have no complaints!  setup was easy with my macbook pro.
bought these blue tooth headphones for my samsung epic, they work brilliantly. they are perfect, have good sound,very lightweight, and very good battery life.
my dad liked them so much, he took my pair and bought me another set.  he was leaving for a 12 hour flight.
i have had these for about 6 months now.  they pair without difficulty.  i can be about 20 25 feet away and not have the music cutting out, and a few years ago, something like this was 200 bucks.  very happy.
headphones are amazing, but when they are fully charged the power button is supposed to light up green yet mine stays red. kind of annoying when you cant tell if its fully charged because of this.
i like this headset   good sound and comfortable fit for the price. no problems so far.
i've tried several styles of bluetooth headsets and these rank at the top.  they're more compact than other cheaper models and lightweight if you plan to wear for long periods of time.  bass and volume are good.
pros: light weight. decent sound quality. spacious tone.cons: battery life is short. my old logitech headphone can last 4 5 days for 1 hr usage each day, whereas this one only last less than 3 days. the earpiece is a bit crampy and tight on the ears.
these headphones are super light weight, boast some real powerful sound, and are a great value. i use these with my iphone when i go to the gym.  once you get used to the controls, which are super easy, this unit will quickly become your favorite bluetooth set.
these headphones work as described.  pairs quickly with my htc sensation, and the sound quality is great!  i've had some issues connecting to a computer with an older usb bluetooth adapter, but that isn't too much of a big deal.
this was a great replacement for my old headphones. clear sound and everything. i like how i am able to listen to music on them as well as talk on the phone. thanks!
good sound reproduction, comfortable.  easy sync.
these fit perfect and sound great.  the buttons are sort of hard to find while you have these on but other than that they work great. i actually tried every kind imaginable for working out and these worked the best. they are also very light!
quality of build, performance, etc. these headphones deserve an all stars rating.  the problem is that the implementation of the different functions is spotty and different from one platform to the next (android, ios, windows laptop).  sometimes the control work as intended, or not, or partially.
works great for what i need it for. good sound quality very comfortable to wear for hours worth the money i paid for
for the price, ya can't beat what you get here.  it seems like the battery life is not as good as i would like, but i tend to keep my things charged.  i'm very happy with this, exactly what i was looking for.
i bought these to wear while working out.  the fit is pretty good. the sound is as well. my only real complaint is the battery life isnt what i expected.
fairly cheap bluetooth headphones. i use these at the gym. work as a headset too.batteries last well enough. could go louder.
these are great. they have a long battery life and pair up with my iphone automatically. if they ever break i will buy them again.
bought it thinking it would pick up the tv at the gym.  don't have a smart phone so unable to use it on treadmill
works great but it makes the top of my ears hurt after wearing it for several hours. and it feels flimsy and made with cheap plastic. it stopped working within 2 weeks but motorola sent me a new one in a few days
stays on my head well even when dancing  comfortable and there are no wires to break holds a charge very well
good product. great range, but the buttons are inconvenient. other than that perfect for working out. i recommend it to my buddies.
i didn't think these headphones would work as good as they do but i'm a believer now. only thing is it'd be nice if they came with some additional way to protect the ear pieces or spare covers
these are great for exercising and being on the move. the blue tooth capability makes it easier to move around and answer those calls without the phone near
these head phones connect easily to the iphone and the sound is good for the price. i find them too large to run with and have upgraded to the inner ear type from motorola. i now use these while working in the yard since the range is very good.
great sound and thumping bass. gets a 4 instead of 5 because the ear pads not as comfortable.
great headphones but i can't deal with using them in the gym.  these are the opposite of sweat resistant. great audio though.
great battery life easy to use as well.just want them to be a lil louder!thank you an looking forward to the next pair
had these things for awhile now and still love them.  sometimes my regular ear bud headphones make more sense but most of the time i go wireless.  i really like the range, quality of sound and volume of these ear bluetooth headphones.
product has great sound but don't expect to workout with them if you are a heavy sweater.  i zapped three of them already so now i am looking for a better product.
2nd pair of these headphones, very comfortable, plenty loud, good sound quality. sold the other headphones of these to a good friend of mine, and had to by some more.
this stuff is really goodvery good sound quality indeed.microphone is really sensitive,u can speak in normal voice.no need to shout.comfortable fit.design ok.keys on headphone also is good need some tries to get familiar with it
like the earphones but not that easy to figure out how to work them for the technically challenged like me
headphones work well, but were  difficult to  pair.  sound quality is very good.  battery life is much better than expected.
i like this because it stays on my ears   others always fell out of my small each drums.  sound is very good too.
in my opinion, the best wireless headset in it's price range  works well for everyday use and workouts. will last if not abused.
i brought this headset during thanks giving in a deal for $30 when my friend told that it is compatible with iphone. its been a month i am using this and very happy about this product. the sound clarity is very good and also the battery life.
overall quality is good. they charge quickly and last for several hours of use. the bass is a little weak, but i was not expecting much when i purchased them considering the price. they are easy to pair and easy to put on. i would recommend these for general use.
i just wanted to add that all of the buttons/features work for out of the box with my iphone 4.
i wish they had a bit better base but i like them way more than my old ear buds. i like the music and phone control too.
very handy, no cables to get in the way, no problems pairing to any of my devices. one downside, after a few hours, they get uncomfortable to wear. i suspect this depends greatly on the person wearing them.
works great with my htc droid 4g lte phone for listening to music from the cloud. i have not used it for phone calls, but that is not the reason that i purchased it.
these headphones are replacing a motorola s805 full ear set.  the sound is just as good and the fit is much better.  they are light and easily worn.  the only negative i have is that the batteries don't last long enough between charges.
great headphones for working out. lightweight and durable. i bought this pair for my wife. i've had mine for a few years and have not had a problem with them.
these headphones are very comfortable, they have great sound, and they make running more enjoyable.  hooray to not having wires!
these were great.  they pair easily.  more than loud enough. very comfortable.  great price.the only downside is you can't sweat with them.  i ruined these by working out with them.  the sweat shorted them out and rendered the buttons useless and eventually they just failed.
some time the volume is not high(even at highest volume setting on phone and headset) while watching movies on iphone. apart from that it is a good headset
i really like this bluetooth.  the sound quality is great.  my only complaint is that the battery life isnt very long.
s305 are the the first pair of bluetooth headphones i ever used. i love them, and would recommend them to anyone without hesitation. they are easy to use, and have decent sound profile. and they are very affordable.
this bluetooth headset is just what i needed. it has better range than the jabra halo headset i previously owned. the sound is crisp and clear. nice bass when playing music from pandora. comfortable on your ears. you barely know its there. i would recommend them.
excellent sound quality.  easy to use.  only bad think it that doesn't completelty fit my odd shaped head, but pretty close!  buy it
easy to connect hassle free pairing with pc ,phone and music player.sound is ok.value for money.
works grt.!! superb sound quality when you have a good bluetooth, like the one in smartphones. but it didnt work that well with my usb bluetooth device plugged in to my notebook, i guess the prob s wit my bluetooth device. the headset works grt.!!
still working and have great battery life after over a year of use. love these headphones! sound pretty good, buttons work fine, easy to connect. i use them for biking or skateboarding and they're light and comfortable.
great sound quality and range!!! the battery charges fast.  the volume is great, also.  this item is great for work outs.
very good easy to set up and use product, that has plenty of battery life.  i only wish i would of bought it earlier.
they sound great! they're only passing comfortable. battery lasts pretty well if you're using it regularly and charging every night, but sitting on the shelf   even turned off   the battery dies too fast.
good~ i like this.but sometimes my ears hurts because plastics bar.everything good another thing.you can use it good sound. (a2dp profile for bt)
i enjoy them. they work great. they connect easy and interface well with my phone or pc. when a phone call comes in it transitions well. also clear on the phone.
very fine product.have like 10 meter coverage. not so comfy with big ears.  i use it while walking.and for skype calling and hd tv movies .
i had gotten tired of being tethered with the wires and after much research i found the motorola s305 and it works great.  no signal drops for at least 30 feet.  excellent product, especially for the minimal cost.
great headphones. very easy to set up with my droid x. great battery life, uses the same charger as my phonevery happy!
i like the ideal that i don't  get wires entangle with other objects causing damage with wired earphones, but these are my second pair, i had to exchange due to the first pair had a defect with volume control, i hope that these will last for a longer duration.
good product and works well. once it "hijacked" the audio from my ipad when my husband used it in different room. so far, we love it
great set of headphones, works and syncs really well. love the control system on the right ear bud. it just doesn't work well when running. shorts out after a brief while. otherwise great product.
i read the amazon reviews before purchasing. it works great!! my only complaint is that i keep hitting the side button when i scratch my ear. not a great reveiw, but there are great reviewers writing reviews about it.
a great product for the price. they are durable and the sound quality is decent. i love the skip controls on the ear piece when i'm at the gym.
very light and comfortable.  paired up easily and the sound quality is pretty good.  the battery could last longer and having an optional cord would be helpful at times.
wanted a headset for taking conference calls etc.paired without problem to my iphone and samsung galaxy.sound quality is good and the microphone works wellso far it has decent battery life.
these headphones are some of the best i've used. they are very comfortable. for what these are the sound is good. they wont blow you out of the water but they are excellent for the price. i'm actually going to buy another pair.
this product is a great item for flexablity. the connection is clean and clear and excellent stereo. the head set is flexable but durable for rough service conditions.
earpieces and the undervolumed iphone just don't work for me. this very reasonably priced headset does. finally reasonable volume. thanks moto!
i like this headset.  the only thing detracting from 5 stars is the buttons are hard to find when the headset is worn.  maybe this just takes some time to get used to.  but overall, these were a good buy for me.
bluetooth headset, behind the head.  nice audio but a little difficult to wear especially if you wear glasses.  hard to keep in place.  but would recommend if you don't wear glasses.
the sound quality is good. i like the features a lot. however, the design has a few flaws. e.g, the points where it rests on the ears hurt sometimes.
works great! range is 50 yards maybe a bit more. the charger is also the same as my cellphone (rumor 2). very pleased and very happy with this technology/product. would be nice if it was a bit more durable, but for the price you can just buy another.  
good product however if used in the car makes the receiver hear a lot of noise and the voice will not be clear but other than that its great
headphones were in condition as advertised, got here speedily, and in original box. no complaints! these headphones are great for exercise, so my wife and i both have a pair now!
i find the controls difficult to use while wearing the headphones and usually resort to taking them off to work them not a great idea when driving a vehicle. the use of braile like markings on the controls would be a great improvement.
works well with windows 7, seamlessly without any issues. battery life is also satisfactory and does not need constant recharging.
fantastic all i can say, only 4 stars because you can only walk 30 feet away from your phone before the music cracks a little.talking is really clear, voice recognition works great,this product is a steal for 30 bucks
these head phones work great!  they are very comfortable (i wear them for extended periods of time). the sound quality is good. the battery life is great.  i would buy them again.
the first pair that i got stopped working after 10 15 days after i started wearing them to gym.i returned them and got a new one.till now they have been working trouble free.for a $30 price.they are sure worth it !
great head set.long lasting charge.good sound.easy to use,once you have mastered controls.so good not to be continually tripping up on cables.for the money unbeatable.
product worked very well and stays in place during visits to the gym. the only thing about this headset i wish could be changed is the volume output, i enjoy very loud music at the gym and it has its limits.
listen to podcast with ease knowing my phone calls will pause the podcast and i can answer with the touch of a button.  i like these things.
these fit nicely and work well. sound quality as expected.cons:   wish they would update these with better batteries. these and the s306 only get 6 hours & 6.5 hours when most other devices have 12 15 hours of listening time.
i really like my headphones being wireless, and for what i paid i think these are pretty good. probably not the best sound quality (i'm no sound expert) but they work.
bought this headphone because we got a new &#34;droid&#34; phone, and needed a bluetooth device to hear the turn by turn instructions from google maps.
you can't beat the price on these for a bluetooth headset.  i plan to use these mainly as headphones with my ipad, but they work well with my laptop and iphone as well.
i was very please when i received the head phones,  the stereo sound is top notice.  the ease of use is outstanding.  they make it easy to work out and bike.  my only concern is that they are a bit flimsy.
they work great, are very rugged and durable.battery lasts long, no need to charge in between if not used for more than 30 min at a time.
this was just perfect for my workouts.  i love that it's wireless, and sincs with my ipod.  the battery life is great as well.  small, neat looking, and durable.
i love the headphones, i hear great, but the charge doesn't last that long if you are talking a lot.
this bluetooth headset are perfect just when you don't wear glasses, in my case they're unconfortable when i use them.
i love the headphones. they were easy to pair with my iphone. not so easy with my laptop, but i'll blame windows for that. i had to buy blue soleil and it then paired flawlessly.
my boss recommended these to me.  work great with my phone and my playstation.  no issues connecting, sound good, great range.
i am very happy with these headphones. easy to use and comfortable. fast delivery and in a sealed motorola box.
setup and pairing was quick and simple. while small and light, they do not seem particularly fragile as some have suggested. my only (minor) complaint is that it is difficult to tell whether they are on or off.
still like new after many years of use.looking for an &#34;over the ear&#34; near perfect bluetooth headset for phone calls or listening to music during your workout? look no further!charge holds for many hours. all around great product.
don't sound great and they're not too loud but they work as advertised and are relatively inexpensive. would recommend.
connects quickly, sounds good.but it is uncomfortable if the back of your head is resting against anything. i would still buy.
great headphones serve there purpose pretty comfortable for short periods of time but, while working out be careful cause a little bit of sweat will send them into shock.
headset was quick and simple to set up with my ipod touch, works great, very comfortable and stays in place over my ear, even riding a rough tractor mowing fields. easy to control from headset with one hand.
i have never had headphones that have this good of sound quality. the battery life is good. i would highly recommend these headphones to anyone who cares about sound clarity.
fun, works up to about 30 ft. buttons do kind of rattle and make a noise. but can't hear it when music is on.
they worked great, really liked them. the only complaint i have is that the ear foam came off and i don't know where to get new ear foam. but the work even without it. def 4 stars. 5 if the foam prob was easy to fix
great headphones, comfortable fit, awesome price.after using these headphones i feel bad for those folks that still have the wired ones. the audio quality is pretty decent. i was skeptical, but now i am a believer.
i am pleased with the sound quality and ease of use. i would recommend these for anyone looking for a wireless over the ear headphone option. unfortunatly, they are not as comfortable as my classic style, headband earphones. very nice for the price!
the only negative point is that no one knows how much battery charge is left.the rest qualifies as very good product
there great  easily to connect to bluetooth headset, but just a little big in the back
this is a good product to purchase.  works great!  it is very easy to use and installation is a snap.
i was looking for something like this for running. the best part is that it's wireless. it looks like even phone conversation have a pretty good quality.
i purchased this for my ipod and it works great.  i like the idea of no wires to get in my way as i walk.  it also works with my nike sensor without any problems.  both work together without any added connectors.
used it when i was riding my hybrid bike and was great. when i got serious and bought my carbon bike, the fell out of favor.negative: ear cushion tears easily, very uncomfortable without.
connects easily, sound is good, a little uncomfortable around the ears with transition from neck ring to earphone. but okay
these bluetooth headphones work great. this is my second pair. i think my first pair bit the dust from my sweat getting on the board or something.
i use this headset with my iphone.  it pairs easily and has good sound quality for its price.  it is important to note, though, the skip/reverse buttons won't work as the iphone's a2dp profile is strange.
these headphones have great sound and features.  the microphone for the phone works well also.  the only thing i found wrong is the charger did not work.
before upgrading ios4 (iphone os 3): little bit annoyance because of sync problems when i run games and play videosafter upgrading ios4: works fine! there's no sync problem at all!my device : ipod touch 3g
good:1)easy to use.2)work well for my macbook, iphone and nokia phone.otherthe quality of sound is just "ok", but comparing the price, it is ok.
its great for the price, a must buy for techies for all of their various app devices for renewing power.
using my iphone 5 with multiples applications at the same time in the gym drains battery very fast. so i bought the easypack nt70tand iam extremly happy with it. it chages my iphone5 very fast.
works as described. really long time to charge, but provides long time power. using to recharge phone, ipad, mobile hot spot. says to discharge weekly, but no directions how. i just leave my hot spot in until the easypak dies.
item has been working great as detailed in the original description. the only flaw was not getting an ac adapter for the usb plug which is why i rated it only 4 stars.
this has been a great product. i purchased a new smart phone and like almost every other smart phone,it has limited battery life. i use this product everyday. it has been a lifesaver.
small and good size for travel.  worked great.  only had for one business trip so limited use so far.  great.
this battery charger is a excellent solution as back up power, especially for traveling. it charges quickly and is relatively light weight.
my wife is constantly on her iphone.  she wanted some way to be able to use / charge her iphone without being attached to a wall socket.  this is a nice unit as an external battery, a charger, or an ac adapter.
solid product overall. one gripe i have with it, however, is that you cannot charge a phone while this battery pack is being charged.
simply put, it's a portable charger that foes what it is support to do! charges blacberry, htc quickly and effortlessly. sadly, there is no iphone adapter.so i took off one star.
this is a very handy product. i have used it numerous times to charge my phone and tablet. the charger has lasted for about 3 or 4 phone charges before i had yo recharge the charger.
great device.  7amp hrs provides alot of power to charge an iphone a few times and also partly charge an ipad.  thin, buta little wide.  the only negative thing to say about it is that it is wider than the iphone, but a great device none the less.
this battery lasts for hours! and i'm talking about constant tapping and things moving across the screen. i use it for my ipod touch and i love it. it lasts longer than the four other batteries i have combined. sweet!
very excellent battery to recharge your devices. this has great capacity especially for the size of battery and the price.
this device is a nice size and will do a charge on my ipad mini and phone. the built in connection makes it easier to charge and connect the phone. in addition the two usb connections allow additional charge locations.
i originally bought this as backup for my iphone when i use the gps during long rides.  so far, it has already served its purpose during long daily bus commute.  it charged my iphone from 10% to full at least twice.
excellent and practical device easy but sometimes you find there is interference.external audio is excellent.excellent shape. . . . .
bought this and have been using about 2 months. not quite cd quality but it works alright in my rx 8. like that i can playback my music as well.
i love it.  this little unit makes my 40 minute commute easier.  it's easy to use, the  sound is good.  fm transmit can be better.  you loose fm signal in certain area.  overall it beat's wearing a head set. i highly recommend it.
the only complaint i have about this is you sound alittle bit far away. i mean no matter what. but it sets up easy, and works easy. its great!!
great product we loved it so much we bought one as a christmas present. works really well rather be safe while driving.
a little static but totally bareable. i like it.  i'm 100% satisfied with the seller. probably would be better if you were able to plug your phone directly into it without the bluetooth.
this thing is great.  i have a pickup that does not have a mp3 imput on the radio, and the t505 allows me to connect my phone/mp3 to my factory radio without spending a fortune on a all new radio system where i would lose my steering wheel controls.
this motorokr t505 is an easy solution to provide handsfree speakerphone capability to any car.  it was very easy to install and is easy to maintain.  i highly recommend this product!
this is my second unit, i lost the first one. i enjoy this unit because it is easy to use and can be listen though the car speakers
this product does everything i wanted.  the only thing i wish it would just interrupt any radio station that you are already listening to, instead of having to switch to another station.  all and all it is a wonderful product.
although it had trouble keeping or choosing a clear fm channel, it performed very well.  the issue could be the stations in my area.
is good but doesn't work if you want to use it with the iphone 3g (2.2), the iphone use it only for calls, not for the ipod service
i tried both the t505 and the new motorola roadster. the t505 is superior to the roadster. the songs clarity is really good over the car audio, except for occasional static when i drive in certain areas. the phone conversations are also pretty clear on both ends.
after having this for some time, i found it works pretty good with most cell phones, motorola needs to make the transmitte power alot higher, it plays music thru the speaker and or the fm transmitter.
speaker works well by itself or with the radio   very satisfied with the purchase. easy to use
very good sound for a wireless bluetooth receiver. fm transmit feature is nice and seems to allow better noise cancelling. great for a group speaker conversation like talking to mom on the way home with the kids.recommend this quality device.
good product easy to use. works well, charges fairly quickly, fits on sun visor. i would recommend it so people will pay more attention to driving.
i relied on reviews to select 3 of these units for christmas gifts to my grandchildren.  we have not heard from them, at this time, about the t505's performance.
works just as described. i mainly use it to listen to my evo or my pandora app. it's awesome !
this bluetooth/fm transmitter is great for people who are on the road constantly. people on the other line can hear you clearly, and you can also play music from pandora or your ipod through the speakers of your vehicle. the battery lasts a long time and the features are simple.
worked with my iphone 4   streams music to my radio, and seamlessly answers phone calls. the wireless solution for a 2000 f150, with an in dash cd player and no aux input. buy it.or not.
the thing works great! the audio quality could be better, but it's loud enough and pretty easy to understand. i do like it a lot and the voice command interface is pretty cool!
this product is a good buy.  the unit works well as a speaker phone and also for playing music from my phone through my stereo. worth the price and no problems getting it to work.
after using ear pieces this is heaven sent for in vehicle use especially for long trips.  speaker volume is more than adequate.  mic seems to work well as do not get very many requests to repeat myself. the caller id is just icing on the cake.
works perfect with last generation mobile phones.if you have a cheap phone (e.g nokia xpressmusic 5130) the bluetooth will drop sometimes.
i had several bluetooth speakerphones, but the motorola t505 stands out over the others.my new seat ibiza doesn't have a bluetoothe connection so this was a great choice.excellent sound on both sides, easy pairing and cool design.
installed  easily, works well.  speaker and microphone on visor in front of you while driving makes sound very good.  true hands free.  haven't tried the fm yet   haven't needed to.  recommended.
the unit works well but instruction say to not leave in car in heat, you might forget to put back in car when you need to.
product was easy to install, users with no experience installed it without any issue. good design and size, strong clip. good product.
excellent product, but needed to purchase a home charger, as the car charger really wasn't very practical or user friendly.
hands down .best bluetooth interface on the market!! this thing works flawlessly with my htc trophy windows phone 7. streaming is crystal clear and the battery last quite a long time.
everything works as i expected. it will be a nice touch to have a lcd screen so i don't have to guess what mode it is in.or if it is on or off.but the sound quality it is better than most units out there.
funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n con mi iphone.recomendable. el parlante se escucha bien pese a ir r&aacute;pido.lo &uacute;nico para no darle las 5 estrellas es que el micr&oacute;fono requiere direccionarlo claramente hacia la voz, sino se escucha muy despacio por parte de la otra persona.
i had to return product and have it exchanged for a new one.  i got the replacement and it is now working fine.i like it.
this product has been very good to keep me hands free and within the law. i would recommend this product to remain hands free while driving.
it works. i am able to answer calls and place calls while keeping my hands on the wheel and my attention on the road. people tell me the sound quality is good on their end of the call.
very happy with this purchase.  easy to operate and calls come in clear.  callers do not even realize i am on a "hands free" call.  quality is great.
for someone that is not into the high tech stuff this is wonderful.  it is easy to get started and i love not having something stuck in my ear all the time that i am in the car.  i would do it again.
this is an outstanding product and as a manual driver myself this is so convient. i love being able to play music through my phone and not have to worry about missing phone calls. a must have for manual car drivers
very clear & simple to use.the on/off indicator light could be a bit more visible,it is hard to tell if the unit is on or off.over all, very good.
pros:  easy to sync  fm transmitter quality is pretty good  good battery lifecons:  speaker could be louder  mic sensitivity is not the best.these are only issues if your car has a lot of cabin noise
this product is good, but when you try to use radio channels for speaker it keeps switching on you so everytime you have to find a channel before each connection for conversation. overall as a basic bluetooth it works.
easy connectivity, great sound, excellent battery life.i'm a long haul driver, and when i'm not on the phone, i'm listening to podcasts downloaded to my phone.
my husband and i each got one and we are both pleased. sound is loud and clear.
i am very pleased with the handsfree bluetooth car speaker/phone receiver. it is easy to use, and has a very clear and distinct voice pattern which other people have commented about it when i talked to them over it.
i bought this for my husband(he's the tekkie in the family)and he loves it.  i am ordering one for my car today!
i bought this for my girl friend and she likes it very much. conversations are clear most of the time and i am told it is very easy to use.
the product performs very well, but it would be nice to pick the radio station you want and the radio transmitter is a little weak.
handy,full function bluetooth very easy to set up and use can listen to all my mp3s from my cell through car radio sound is great.calls sound pretty good.
although the speakerphone has the option to play through the car stereo speakers, i seldom use it because of the "find a clear channel" feature. my area has many overlapping stations and the clearest channel changes often. the internal speakerphone is usually adequate.
after reading the brief manual, my wife has been happy using this.  when i call her, i can hear her clearly and she says it works well for her.  we have not played with the fm capability.
i bought this as christmas present for my father and he's quite happy with his new toy.  he said installation was easy and he has no making or receiving calls.
this item works good but not great !!! instructions are hard to understand . people say you sound like your underwater but it's better than alot of others
i was looking for an easy solution to handsfree capabilities while driving and this was the answer.  it's was very easy to setup and use. great product!
i failed to notice in the advertisement that the visor clip does not come with it.  anyone know where i can get two visor clips?
this is a very satisfactory product. once charged up it is easy to use and gives clear speech. my wife has a hearing problem but she can talk to me on this with no problem
i have had this headset for about 4 years now, and it provides good quality paired both with my phone and my computer. it never loses signal, and the audio output is good. the volume rocker is a little small, but still usable.
this bluetooth headset is user friendly most of the time: it sometimes does not pick up a call when my bluetooth setting is 'on' in my cell phone. it has a long battery life.
very comfortable to wear and easy to use.  i like the vesitility of being able to wear it on either ear. excellent value.
i am pretty happy with this device but i mostly use it while driving.the audio quality is pretty good if you use it in the car, but decreases if you use it while walking or just standing outside.
the set works fine. on a high volumn the speaker will buzz but there is penty of volumn to hear
very easy to use, and instructions explain everything very well . it takes about 2 minutes for the initial setup
the clarity and ease of pairing to your phone is second to none. my husband drives a cement mixer and still i can hear him clear without all the background noise.
this is my first headset for my htc evo shift.  it is comfortable to wear and easy to set up.  i would buy it again.
a solid platform, well priced for the features, good sound and mic quality, all around decent. would i purchase it again probably, though i would strongly consider spending more for an upgade.
it's ok but the only problem with this particular one is that the the tip will eventually come off like a friend of mine did too. i have to put crazy glue on it in order for it to stay on. other then that it's fine.
i love this product!  i can hear the other party very clear and loud and they can hear me with as much clarity.  the only issue i've had was a little static when i'm around a wi fi networked computer.  other than that, this is a great product!
works great with iphone 4   only gave 4 stars because the price had increased when i went to buy a 2nd one!  the first one was $25 on black friday and now it is up to $49.
i've had 4 bluetooth headsets in the last 3 months and this is far superior to any others. i wear glasses and was worried it would bother me but it's great.
very impressed with product. still, after 2 months i am still not sure how long i have to hold button before phone hangs up.
had mixed results with other devices on my iphone but this bluetooth works very well. great value.
the unit is comfortable to wear, and works well unless it is excessively windy, (people say they can't hear me clearly) otherwise, controls are intuitive and battery life is good,sound quality both ways very good.
great product for the money. many features over the motorola ones. tends to hurt ear after a few hours of wearing it but i am sure that all them that go in the ear do the same. very easy 30 sec. set up and very durable, would recommend to all.
this was closer to the one my husband had thaat broke and the price was right.fit in the ear great so its a good deal
comfortable to wear and battery life is very good. does not block wind noise and can't be over a few feet from the phone. better than the 3xx i have been using a lot more comfortable.  volume is good.
good performing unit. the sound is very good, although i wish the earpiece would go up in volume a bit more. otherwise, very happy.
this unit is dependable and comfortable to wear. however, wind is always a factor when listening and for the other party. a good unit at a good price.
my third bluetooth earpiece.by far the best. lightweight, comfortable,and reasonably priced. hard to wrong with  this plantronic product. thanks.
got this earpiece as dot laws are outlawing cell phone use w/o hands free. it was easy to pair w/ my blackberry 8703 . it works great . price was very reasonable . would definitely recommend to others.
good headset, plenty of volume which i need.  however i get static when i hold my phone in the hand opposite of my ear, or slip my phone into a shirt or jacket pocket.  stays put on my ear.
great battery life, and great ability to stay in my ear with all i do.  the rubber delaminated from the ear hook, but i did abuse it over the last 3 years or so.  doesn't eliminate the wind noise, like newer models.
my husband and my manager were concerned about my driving and holding a cell phone!now i am driving more safely!thank you
decent, not great, worth $50 or less new.easy to hit volume instead action button on the multifunction button.noise cancellation was so so.fits nice and was comfortable.
this item is very comfortable on the ear. great sound and best of all great price.
works as advertised.  bought this one because my old bluetooth wouldn't work with my new phone.  works great and wind noise and background noise are minimal to those that i talk too.
best bluetooth i have had including a previous plantronics model that cost a lot more $$$$
improved the usabilty of my wife's phone.  not only can she hear the other person better, the background noise when she speaks is much improved.
first time buyer of a bluetooth product.headset works very well, however some wind noise when using outdoors.good battery life.
headset works great & multipoint technology is excellentwith my bluetooth office phone. only negative is that volumelimit makes me turn the phone up to hear better. great buy!
this blutooth headset works great and sixteen months after purchase i'm still using it. i would give it five stars but it cuts out if i walk into the next room without taking the phone along.but i can live with that for the price paid.
product was sent quickly to me and arrived in perfect shape.  couldn't ask for better service than this.  would not hesitate to buy from them again and love the product.  thank you.
seriously, this thing is so comfortable i completely forgot i was wearing it today. easy to use, good sound quality. much better than any other bluetooth headset i've tried.
california's law requiring hands free mobile calling goes into effect july 1.  i don't drive much but i needed a bluetooth headset so i did not want to spend lots of money.  the plantronics is reliable, has excellent sound, and it is reasonably priced.
excellent hearing and volume controle, part around ear is a little thich when you wear glasses but you get used to it, over all good quality and very easy to use and pair with phone.
original packaging and delivered exactly as promised.  little difficulty when  putting on for the first time, but you get used to it quickly.  in illinois you must have hands free while talking and driving, figured it saved me $100 ticket.  well worth the price.
the plantronic 520 is a very good bluetooth headset. the sound is very good. it stays on ear so well i almost forget it's there.
the product is good and very handy when u want to be hands free, voices clear from other side, no air inturruption.
i am very impressed with this bluetooth headset. very easy to use and sink to your exisitng phone the only draw back i have found is that when used outside with any wind the person you are talking to has a very hard time hearing you.
i used to have a plantronics voyager 521 which i loved.  i bought the voyager 520 when i misplaced my old headset.  works great!  sound is clear, fits nicely, and it has good battery life.
very  nice working, reliable bluetooth.i'm heavy user, i use 4 6 hours of talking time every day. you can count onplantronics voyager 520 bluetooth headset[retail packaged]by the way, i've had jawbone before    sound quality isn't better than plantronics, while battery life is twice less.
bought this as a backup. it is big!!! works well. like it functuonally and the fit.  it really sticks out. it will.be ok as my backup.
i loved everything about this phone except the fact that it does not and will not ever play media.  if all you want to do is to talk on the phone then i would give it 5 stars.  next time i'll read the description more carefully.
this is my third one of these and i like the way they work and fit.  one wore out and i dropped the other one in the dog bowl so i wasn't concerned about trying another one.
this headset works great. it stays on my ear, connects well with iphone, not to uncomfortable to wear. i would recommend it.
after hearing night mare stories bad head sets, this one has proven to be very clear even at 15 feet away from the phone.  a good deal.
picks up a lot of background noise, so i don't use it while driving. good to use around the house or with ps3. seems to have a great battery life too.
pros: good price/performance. very easy setup on mobile phones. good battery time.cons: the ergonometric could be much better.summary: is a very good product for the price you pay.
what can i say, works as described. good price with free shipping plus tax (bummer.) great review on [.]. editors choice 4 star rating. [.]
so far it works great!  i am impressed.  i will update later.  if you don't see an update.there haven't been any issues.
the only problem i had was that i had to return it once because the charger wasn't working. once i got a new charger it worked just fine.
the headset is great, it really blocks out external sound and people can hear me very well. it's also light and confortable in the ear. so much better than other bluetooth headsets i've tried. i even bought a second one for another member of my family.
it is a good product. the noise cancellation feature makes it a lot better than my first bluetooth
just want to let you know that ever since i had received the plantronics voyager 520 i have been happy with the device so far.  i just want to say that it is a remarkable device.
works well for the price.  however,  you must make sure that you have in securely in your ear to hear well.
this bluetooth headset is a nice one for its price. i found it fitting pretty snugly into my ear. though the earloop should have been made adjustable to suit everyone's ears. also there is a bit of noise involved while talking. barring these 2 points, the product is nice
could be smaller.it works fine. no problems with conection or something like that.no complain about sound for who is listening to me.it fit ok on my ear. i have a small one.
for the price this was a great buy. i was worried that it would not sync to my iphone but i've had no problems and it fits my ear well. i would definitely purchase this again.
i purchased this for my husband, and he loves it.  it's very easy to use and has good sound quality.
i have tried many bt headsets, including fancy expensive ones.this one is reliable, comfortable, and reasonable in cost, so i can afford to keep a backup   i lose them once in a while   they slip in between the seats and such. been happy with the voyager series for years now.
the plantronics voyager 520 is an excellent blue tooth device. call quality is excellent, and the battery is strong. the headset fits comfortably, and isn't that bad looking comparatively. i would recommend.
i am very pleased with this product.  i have had it for about a month now and have had no real issues except for a little static sometimes.  it seems to have gotten better overtime though.  i would definitely recommend this product.
got it in a one day only for a bargin price and once paired with my phone it works great.
i replaced my motorola hs850 with a voyager 520, and it was a great upgrade. it fits and stays on better, it's louder, and it seems to keep a charge longer. i just wish my iphone was hand free so i could call via the headset.
after getting used to the ear hook and the in ear rubber piece, i like it.  volume is good, it's comfortable and i have yet to run it dead.  i do charge it every night.  would recomend.
520 is a good model, sounds good even outside. only issue i've noticed is the short range from the device. beyond about 10 15 ft signal gets broken up. battery life is good and fast re charge.
by far, the this headset has the longest talk time out of all the bluetooth headset i have used.great product
it works well and is what i expected.  the headset is a little hard turning on and off.
this item is execellent for convertible cars, since you can only hear the other person. i would recommended to anyone
this is a decent bluetooth headset, especially when you buy it at a steal of a deal on amazon at 25 usd. the ear hook is quite large, but its very light and transparent. good range. sturdy.
i purchased two of this item, one for my husband and the other one for myself.  we've been using it for 8 months, and we are satisfied with it.  it is a good value for the money.
very comfortable to wear, clear sound.  only negative is you can't move away from the phone farther than about 5 ft.  otherwise, good item.
easy to set upcall clarity is execellentdistance is reasonablesimple to use.
i've been using this product 2 months now, and no problems.  pairing this bluetooth with my cell phone was very easy.  doesn't fit perfectly on my ear, but a good product for the money.  good volume through the earpiece.
good sound, very comfortable, good value, but a bit bulky in appearance.  i like the feature that allows you to link to 2 different phones at once since i have personal and business cell phones.
this plantronics voyager 520 bluetooth earpiece works great, specially if you use two phones, had a little trouble locking it with the 2nd phone, but once locked it works fine.
i have used servals bluetooth headset this one is my favorite.the fit is good, sound is good.
works well for me. find it comfortable to use. good for the price. no problems until now;appreciate the prompt delivery, too.
i searched a lot of reviews, ordered (4) of these for my family and we're all very happy with them.  callers on the other end say they hear me better thru this unit than speaking at the phone mic.
can wear this all day long, no problems, easy to use and great reception. they now have replacement parts for the ear piece.
this is my second plantronics headset, i lost the first one. the sound quality is outstanding and the features are easy to use. the instruction booklet is a little cryptic, but the device is pretty fool proof. i would recommend this to my daughter.
good clalrity   only wish that the voloume could be increased further  for us old gbetting deaff guys.  much more omfortable to wear than m old one. ''
its a good product for the price sold by amazon.it is easy to understand and handle and the clarity is also fine.only thing is when there is noise around, it is difficult to hear properly. overall nice.
we use this with a blackberry curve and it works great.sound quality on calls is great and i haven't noticed any issues with call volume while driving or outside like some other reviews suggested.not the coolest looking bluetooth headset but works well.
purchased it for $25 only!!! great buy, was gonna buy again for friend but the price rose.other than that! great blue tooth and easy fit
works great. the range between the headset and the phone is great, def. 33ft. only problem is, when the battery is low there is a crackling noise you can hear, but the person on the other end does not hear it.
this item so far has functioned pretty well,was easy to set up and has good sound, but sometimes takes an extra try to connect.  (last one didn't have this issue so don't think it is us)
nice charge dock, doesn't come with the carry case like it showed in the add, but still nice
good quality and value for dollar, brought 2 as gifts both were very much appreciated. delivery was on time during busy period as expected.
the bluetooth is easy to use and it is the best one i have ever used to be able to hear other people. the volume goes loud enough that i have to turn it down with some people.
i have been debating for jawbone and plantronics. well, i end up buying this and so far my hubby is happy and contented with the performance of this little fellow  
this earpiece is comfortable and easy to use.  great buy.  just had one problem after working around machinery for years, the volume is too low for my hearing but that does not apply to all users!!
overall good sound quality. buttons are a little tricky. range is a little on the short side. good battery life.
sleek looking, fits comfortably, and no issues with durability after a couple of months of use. the sound and reception quality is not first class, but is very good for the price. i'm definitely satisfied for what i paid for it.
sound quality, form factor, price all good.  i would recommend this plantronics voyager 520 for anyone looking for a bluetooth headset.
i bought this for my wife because she lost her last one and like it, so i got her the same one.she likes it.
i got this headset by time. the charge back up is really good. it is little bulky and i like little bigger bluetooth headsets. so i like it
i worked perfectly but is a little uncomfortable in the ear. rest all functions are in working order. recommended 80%
this is very comfortable with good volume.  easily paired with my phone.  the only reason it is not 5 stars is that it disconnects and reconnects at odd times.  never during a call but the random beeps in my ear is annoying.
i recommend it!!! this bluetooth fits in the ear very nicely and it the sound is good. it came in a short time.
i chose 4 because it charges but that's obviously not what it's initially meant for cause the cord is so short.
you should have biger enter for s1but it is workso i choose 4 star for thus cable .
not sure what else to say, it works good, was really inexpensive compared to local retailers.  chord is a little "rubbery".
nowhere in the description did it state the length. i wouldn't have bought if i'd known they were only 3 feet long. they work for data and charging on my samsung epic 4g.
it's a usb. it works. so far it's lasted. it's kinda cheaply made, so i dunno how much longer, but for the price i'd say it's pretty damn sturdy.
the item description does not say the length of the cable. so i was disappointed when i found it was around 1 meter only. but it is the same length of the original cable i got with my samsung galaxy s ii.
it was shorter than i expected, but it does the job.  i expected a little bit longer of a cable but i must have misread the length. it's still not bad for the price.
other than being shorter than my original cord. it works great just about 6 inches shorter than my original. for this price i can't really complain.
arrived when it was suppose to. works like a charm. the only think that i will have to remember is as an amazon prime member not to play for shipping. for the price perfect thank you!
good quality cable.  it works as intended.  no problems with data transfer or device modification as of yet.  if you're flashing a rom onto your device, this cable will work well.
needed a replacement for the cable that came with my hp touchpad.  not all cables work with it, this one did.  only issue is it is shorter than the line that came with it.
was looking for an additional cable and this one works as expected, arrived quick and does the job with the price paid
works as a data and charging cable with my samsung galaxy nexus and the nexus 7 tablet, it's great buy!
the product worked to my needing and is still working properly to my needing. it was very affordable.thank you
i bought these spare cables to charge my samsung s3 phone from my laptop. it does the job, and so far, no complaints. good value for pack of 3 cables.
product is working excellent and charging my phone fast. only problem i found is. length is too small , that's it.
the product does what i need it to do, that is charge my htc rezound.  it is a little shorter than i would have liked and i would not be able to comfortably take a call when it is in use, given it's length.  otherwise, good product.
in the picture, it looks like the original long samsung cable.this turned out to be a very short but sturdy cable.works well with captivate.
the cable works fine with my galaxy s3, my only complaint is that it is too stiff to roll up and keep organized nicely.
this charger does not always work. you to make sure the cord stays a certain way or it will stop charging.
this cord very was helpful.sadly i recently broke it. not the company's fault it was my own clumsiness but for this price they want i don't mind buying another one
works well overall very good value. might be better served if you bought the 10 ft transfer usb to mini usb it's a little cheaper and worksvery fast charging. gives plenty of room to stretch across the bed.
bought this to power my phone while it's in the ikross mount on the windshield. it's a good length and doesn't get in the way.
great price and works well. it fits my samsung infuse perfectly. after full charge, the battery lasts longer than it used to.
i may have misread the ad, but i was expecting it to be twice as long. good quality cable though.
sturdier and longer that oem, i will order extras.  they could do better on the price for a higher rating.
this cable works perfectly fine, for 1.30 with free shipping i won't expect anything more.the only reason i gave it 4 stars because the length is a bit short.hth
the cord was not the oem replacement and not as pictured. still works ok but add should change. just wish i could find a little longer cord.
charger works great. no issues. packaging was fine and received in good time. looks like the original that i had lost. thanks!
this is a great cord and you can not beat the price. it works as well as the original cord.
cable works ad advertised. it is a little shorter than a standard cord, i leave it at work for charging. works great.
works great on my galaxy s3 for charging and data transfer. appears to be of good quality. no complaints, would purchase again.
not much to say here, this is &uuml;bercheap and it works. i use this for both charging and transferring data on my samsung infuse. no problems at all, only con is short length   but what do you expect for the price?
this is a pretty good charging cable and does a great job of keeping my phone from dying at work.i wish i had read the product listing a little better because it is a bit short. but other than that, i love it.
what can i say really, its a usb cable. no defects of any kind and it worked perfectly. just what i needed for very little cost.
these cables can usually be found for less than $3 4, and for the price are very handy for charging any micro usb device, especially with a case on.  the plastic surrounding the plug isn't very bulky, unlike many other micro usb cables, and so they fit easily into most micro usb jacks.
note that, as pointed out in the notated photos, this isn't a samsung cable, so if the length or thickness of the mini usb side of the cable is a concern for you, make sure this fits your criteria.that being said, it works for my purposes, and i'm pleased.
does what it needs to do. charge. transfer. charge while transfering.take it easy on the micro side though. they break just as easily too. once that thing isn't a snug fit anymore just go and buy another one.
works just like any other usb cord but just wish that it was a little longer than it is but still good.
order this item it didn't take long to come, only thing is wrong is that they are not that long i would say about 3ft but it will do for charging cell phone in the car.so its worth the price when it comes to the lenght.
it works. no problems. could be a little long, but does the job nonetheless. let's hope this one doesn't crap out on me.
it charges and does it's job, i just didn't check how long it would be, its not that long, but next time ill know
i liked the item but you must be very careful with the cable. it's not the best quality but gets the job done.
usb charger cable works fine and arrived in good timing. the cord was shorter than my original but overall a good buy.
the cables are true oem cables.  i ordered 2 one had a slight nick or cut in the rubber insulation but not all the way through to the wire. for the price no complaints
i was expecting the cord in the picture. instead it was a generic micro usb cord. i was surprised but it works and does everything i need to do and for the price you cant beat it.
nice but it looks and feels a little cheapish, but you get what you pay for right?  but it will do the job
i bought two of these cables, one for the car and one for work. they work perfect, the only issue as others have said is one was long one was short (although the short one is perfect for the car).
just wanted to have an additional cabe in my possession just in case ihave trouble with my current cable and also if i lose my stock cable.
best purchase i could have made for a low price. it eliminated the problem of sharing a wall charger at home. plug it up to a computer and it works just great.
not as durable as original, but 3/5 still going strong. price is right, i would buy again. just buy extra
got a new phone and dont use these any more. they worked fine when i was using them. get 'em if you need 'em/
my wife love it because when she need to charge her phone while traveling she can use the space cord and  it really works. also you cannot beat the price !!!thanksbigwill360
the cable is what i needed to replace the cord that i lost.  that was the reason to get the cord in the first place.
i am using this on my samsung phone and itworks as it should, thanks alot
if you have a phone that uses a micro usb port, you can use this.  it's great for use at home with a computer or in the car.  it works for data or just charging.
i bought this as a backup in case the factory cable gets damaged. i was a little put off but the length of it but it gets the job done. perfect for when you don't want to unplug it from your usb charger or pc.
the wire is a bit short but works.  other than that, perfect replacement.  i would definitely recommend but know that it will not accomodate distances.
i like it! that's my summary of this cable. it's cheap and it works, and oh happy day i say.as usual am dave and i approve this message.
the title explains it all. the cord work perfectly for charging. it is a good travel cord for the laptop, but not an oem replacement. the cord is less than half the length of my oem samsung charge/sync cable. i have the galaxy nexus.
i got two.  both work fine.  i have a phone that won't charge using a wall charger using this cable, but another phone works fine using the same charger.
shipped from china, which was surprising.  because of that it took a while to show up.  but when it came it was no trouble.
good product! does what i need it to do. i wish that i would have purchased the longer one, but other than that happy with my purchase.
was having charging issues, new cable alleviated the problem. was shipped quickly and helped keep me connected. i find that i have other things i can use it for due to it being a micro mini.
i don't like that the cable won't work on my original charger but all in all, it works and that's all i care about.
they are as advertised. no more, no less. not much to say about a usb cable. it works just fine on my devices.
the cord works just fine i just received it and found out it was a lot shorter than i expected wish it was longer but its just fine for what it is.
it works very well with my pc. however, sometimes, it does not work with usb adapters on the car, but it is not an issue for me.
i expected it to be a bit longer, this length is maybe a foot long, so it works for really short distance charging for my phone.
this is good for a charger only, your computer won't detect the phone so you can't use it to transfer files. but it was under $1 so what do you expect.
it's a charging cable, it works with most modern phones. what's not to like? oh yeah, it was also a decent price.
i purchased four sets. one has already failed with no visible issues. it just wont charger anything anymore. the other three are working great still. i can upload pics with them also. i would recommend.
quick delivery but still having problems getting music on my phone.  thought this would work. i think the problem is with me on this one however.  have to get my son to figure it out. i don't have the patience.
good charging cable and data work great price, fast shipping thanks for a great product.i will tell other and more product for myself an family.
well i ordered these thinking they were a samsung branded cable but they werent. the cable worked just fine, for the price i paid, i think its a fair deal.
this isn't as good as the cable that came with my phone but it still works.  seems well made and i didn't have any trouble using it on my samsung phone.  really for the price all that matters is that it works and . it does
i purchased this cable to charge my epic from my work computer and it does the job. the cable is long enough that i can use the usb port on the cpu under my desk and still place my phone on my desk in view.
cord is short but works well and i purchased a second one as back up. i would reccomend for a back up.
it works perfectly fine for both data transfer and powering up my samsung siii smartphone. so i am very satisfied with it. works as advertised.
item is just as described. it's an oem cable and has good quality. not disappointed at all. would definitely buy again.
the mini usb connector fits very snug in the phone usb port.  problem with this is it will eventually losen when actually using the original cable, thus causing poor or loss of contact between cable and phone.
i ordered this item and it was actually a samsung name brand. i am very happy and it works great to this day.
these replacement usb cables work well but i would highly recommend getting the amazon brand usb cables.  they are top notch.
this cable does its job. i didn't put 5 stars, because i'm not in love with it. it's a regular cable that allows you to connect to your smart phone
i don't know what everyone's complaining about. these are cables and they worked just fine with my galaxy s1. no issues whatsoever.
it is a power cord, phone to computer link, typical cord works, looks ok functions ok nothing spectacular just a usb cord
this was a great deal, but they are not the same cables as the original one.  still a very good deal and they seem to be working very well.
this is a great cord for the money. good construction and i have had no issues. the cord length is good.
lamentablemente recibi un cable diferente al que muestra en las fotos, se desconecta cuando hay un cover de por medio.
ordered two because i rolled over my old charger cord with a office chair these replacement usb work perfect gets the job done
this product was cheap and does the job perfectly.  i bought two and will buy more in the future.  thank you.
works great. good data and charging.  free shipment was slow and required follow up.  still better than paying much more somewhere else
cable is exactly what the description says. it is on the short side but works as it should. worth the price to have an extra cable when traveling.
it is actually a blackberry cable,  has a blackberry symbol right on it.  but it still works. fits a little snug on my samsung captivate,  but hasn't ruined my phone yet.  very short, be prepared for that.
the cord is a lot longer than i thought it would be, probably about 3   4 feet long. good for charging your phone while in bed or on the computer and it's not so close. i use this charger for my huawei mytouch 4g and it works just fine.
i have to say i'm a little disappointed by how short 3 feet really is. but, hey, it's a really good price. it was shipped very quickly so i commend the seller for that. i have a samsung nexus s and it works on my phone.
since the cord frayed i was able to buy just the cord and save myself money! i do not know why the cords are not made better as this cord was in one spot and never moved.
performs exactly like it should and the price is right. shipped quick and affordably. samsung has always made high quality products and this is no different.
everything was great except for a postage due notice and having to go to the post office to pickup.they did quickly correct the problem.
it's shipped on time and works good but the downside is its a short cable about 2 ft.i wish it was atleast 4 ft so i'm not too far away from my phone.
they are a little short which is one thing i dislike. however they work well and they are not expensive!!
the charger shipped pretty fast. it fits in my phone perfectly. however, it was a little shorter than i was expecting. but overall good purchase.
we got several of these at the same time.  for the price of buying one at the stores nearby, i got several from amazon.  the items shipped quickly.  they are exactly what i needed to charge and access data on my cell phones.
a very useful product to recharge our samsung phone. fits the home recharger wall mount, the car radio recharger and also my iphone. is that great or what?
it is great product for my phone for a good price, i'll definitely order more as needed of course. that is why i ordered more then one just in case.
i rated this as four stars because it is what i expected it to be. it was great but the wait time was a bit long.
i ordered three of these. they all work and do what's expected they were just a nit shorter than i thought they would be. maybe i missed that point in the description.
no issues with this cable. works great, it works in different  items. cell phones , tablets and bluetooth .i would recommended
bought as a replacement for the original. works fine.  good seller, quick delivery via usps. nice.charged and transferred files without incident.  appears to be as new. what else can i say?
my only problem with this item is the cord is shorter than i'd hoped. other than that, this replacement cord is reasonably priced and sturdier than the original cord that came with the phone.
the cable is a little short, but works fine, i would buy another one if needed, and you cant beat the price.
the cables i got were 5' long, not 30" as others have said. i actually got them specifically for the 30" length, so that's a bummer. they are decent enough quality though   no complaints there. just the length.
i wanted an extra power cable for by raspberry pi and this one was just what i needed. foo bar
i liked this because is convenient but it stop working after two months and i was disappointed. next i'll look for better one.
it is not the samsung brand as advertised. i also noticed that the charging rate is much slower and it does not work with the samsung ac adapter.edit: received a full refund for a broken product in transit. thanks a lot
product is a samsung replacement cable, really awesome price and moderate shipping time well worth it! a must buy if you're looking for some spare cables.
the prouduct meet my expeaction to wha ti had the use for them, if it either at home or at school
this phone cord is too short it needs to be a little bit longer but it's okay it works very well
inexpensive cables, but they fit perfectly but are rather short.  not a big deal!  shipping took a long time but for the price i cant complain.
pro.use when i need a little more battery life at workcon.wish it was one or two feet longer
good customer service. i liked the product, the only thing that sometimes it would not stay connected inside the phone.
i needed a new charger asap & it came within 24 hours. i was so excited & it works perfectly. i would recommend this to anyone.
just received this product yesterday, used it to charge my samsung hm1200 bluetooth headset. i had lost the charger was not able to use it. this replacement i was able to charge and use my bluetooth headset. so far so good.
not the company's/products fault but i was trying to buy another usb charging cord for my incredible droid because i have a bunch of wall charges but no cords (thanks to my dog, ugh) but this was not the right cord.
haven't had any problems with it, bought it a month or so ago. the cord is so short if its charging i can't move it far at all. its only downfall
this cord works fine.perfect fit.the only down fall of this cord is.its a little shorter than my original cord and its a little challenging sometimes to plug it up for use.
good for the price but they only charge your phone while its off. otherwise they work good. arrived in a reasonable amount of time
these samsung cables do what they are supposed to do. however, i will mention that the nokia micro usb cables are much higher quality.
my daughter broke my old cord so i was in a bind.  the verizon store wanted over $20 for a new charger and so i was thrilled with this product.  it is a little shorter than i would like but no real complaints from my end.
shipped quickly. product as advertised.was shorter than my original cable, so i can't talk while phone is charging. but if i just plug it in and set it on the night stand, it gets the job done. full battery in a couple of hours.
after trying 2 other usb data/charging cables i bought this one. this is original samsung's cable.it is much shorter than the cable that comes with the phone. this cable fits the device perfectly and does not come off like the other cables did.
most name brand cables are thicker than this one, but it seems to work ok for both data and charging. time will tell how durable it is.
i use this to put power in my phone and download photos to my computer just like any other cord. i seriously don't know why i'm reviewing this. maybe to procrastinate, oh wait, it's definitely to procrastinate. s***, here comes the boss.
i bought 5 of 'em since they were on sale and the cords i had been using sucked. these are awesome, the only downside is that they're kinda tiny, lengthwise.
it fit into the phone, charger, and pc. it charged it and connected properly when plugged into my pc.the only negative i guess is that it could have been longer.
the price and product are both great.  my daughter is a little rough on her charger, so a few have been purchased.
it's just a cord; just received it today 7/12/13fter 2.5 weeks.  seriously, not a big deal. not a big deal.
it does its job. the only issue is that it is a little shorter than the original that i had. but hey, it works.
it works fine and it fits fine. i wish it was a little longer. i expected it to be longer like my original usb that came with my charger.
there isn't much to say except this cable works as advertised.  it is very convenient for traveling because i tend to lose them.
what is there to say really? it is a usb charger, it fits my samsung captivate and my kindle fire. it is short as stated in previous reviews, but it gets the job done  
needed an extra phone charger for my android, works well. for the price i paid, this cable has been working very well, i would definitely buy it again.
always a great price for a great product.  most of the time on time and working.which is great cause it is a pain to return products.
this cable worked perfectly for charging the nook color, after the original cable was damaged. it seems to charge about the same speed as the original cable.
product works wonderfully.  i choose this product because i found it to be longer than the standard charging cable and needed the length to reach from the power strip located on the floor to the nightstand next to my bed.
i order 3 of this cable. but one is doa, but that is not a problem for me, for the price that i paid vs the price of the local store. i still winning
purchased this for my samsung exhibit ii phone when i found i didn't have a usb cord that fit. it works great, fits in the phone port securely, and was a great cost.
the cord works well but it is very short about two feet or less. it would be great if the length was stated in the description.
cord charges my phone quickly and charge last for a long time. cord is just short, can't use phone while it charges.
the item is working well and so far have no problem.i like it because the cable is shorter and easily fits my pocket to carry around
this product looks to be of good build quality and it certainly does the job.  i have no complaints whatsoever.
its alittle too short but very usable. very durable. i have purchased usb cords before and fail immediately, this one looks to be very sturdy construction.
the cord was exactly what i needed. it took a while to get to me and was a little shorter than i expected but overall i'm pleased.
does what it's suppose to, no connecting problems and it's cheap. i had to replace my old charger because my computer wouldn't read my phone whenever i plugged it in.
good product at a great price. my only issue with it is the cables are very short. doesn't bother me though. wanted a cable for my desk so it didn't need to be long.
when i bought this i really needed a back up charger for school but i was disappointed at the length of the cord but i charge it on the computer or a wall plug right next to me so its not really a problem.
this is a sturdy cord! i received this very quickly. i only wish the cord was a little bit longer! other then that it's perfect!
i needed an extra cable to be able to charge my phone in the car so i bought this one. not the best design, but it's cheap enough and does the job. what more could i ask? no real complaints about it.
i ordered two cables in the same order and assumed they would be 3 4 feet in length like the original that came with my phone.  one was 4+ feet and the other was about 18".  for the price, though, who cares.they both work just fine.
i have not yet measured the cable, but i think it's shorter than 3 feet. no big deal though.cable works fine. will purchase a longer cable next time.
works like a charm and super cheap. my only issue is that it's a lot shorter than i thought, about the length of an arm.
i'm happy with it but its not as suscribed on the photo but its goodbut. next time i buy ill think twaice before i buy it
cables were as pictured and described. they serve the purpose for which they purchased   to charge up my cell phone and garmin navigation device.  they connect my devices to the  portable battery charger   my ezo 2 port external charger. so far, so good   
my husband and i purchased two of these cables for our samsung captivate phones. he uses his for charging when he is in the office, and i keep mine in the car as back up. they are just as sturdy and reliable as the ones that came with our phones.
its my 2nd time to buy thisthis is really good cable working very greatbutits too short for me to use phone while chargingi didnt measuring but looks like its around 50cm.too short.
the product was exactly as described, was delivered promptly, and works fine.however, although i already expected the length of the charger to be shorter, it still annoys me by how short it is.other than that, everything is perfect.
i just needed a backup charger to hook into my computer at work, and this was it.  the right thing at the right price, and arriving earlier than expected.  just be careful not to bend the ends! :p
i gave it to my friend and he says that it works fine, its just a micro usb charger. thank you.
this is the original samsung microusb cable. works for sync and charging my galaxy s ii skyrocket. no problems whatsoever. just wish it was a little longer. works fine if it's for your pc or car.
good, but do not try to use it to recharge your samsug cell phone. it is not work with it.the seller contat wikth me and refund the money.so, 4 star.
subject says it all. works as intended. also doubles as a data transmission cable. some usb cables are only for charging and will not data connect.
the micro port is a bit different than the samsung default, although it does not seem to have any fit issues.  price point and functionality are as to be expected, i will probably order a few more as i tend to lose a lot of these.
cable is exactly what it says it is. my only problems is that the cable is only about 2 feet long (estimate, dont have it next to me), so it's a little short. but other than that, it works great and is what is advertised.
just works as it should be.so i am happy with it. shipment was in time and everything went complete smooth
the product is good overall with good quality and great price  .its downside that its short .but compared to its low price it doesnt matter
i order this item and received it fast and excellent quality fit mi phone and the cable is excellent i recomendet !!!
no gripes, nothing special either. just your run of the mill micro usb cable. will be buying if any more are needed.
the usb cable is great. it does everything description tells you. i just use it for charging so i don't know if you can transfer data.
the replacement usb cable works perfectly with my samsung plug charger. the phone connector is a little touchy but it charges just fine.
they showed up fairly quick and the price was right. i wish that i had bought them with the wall charger adapter. great replacement /  extra adapter. i bought two.
i received this charging cable and it does work somewhat. i mean sometimes it does not fully charge my phone.could be my phone so i can't fault the cable. the cable is very short and i was a little surprised.overall i like it.
the cable works well, but it is about one feet shorter than the one i had before. everything else is fine.
i bought these cz the case for my galaxy s3 doesn't have room for the charger that came with the phone. doesn't cause much of problem for me.
the cable are working amazingly and the pin is small, just like i wanted to recharge my phone without removing my case. i just wished they were longer in length so that i could easy place it on a nearby table.
great cable, works perfectly for the samsung focus. shorter than the one that comes with the phone, which is exactly what i wanted for the car and syncing to computer or laptop (original just too long for that). buy from amazon, some of the other sellers are shipping knock offs.
these are very functional and works as intended. good overall value. bought 2 of these. one for for the car and one for the office.
it works and i like it. could be complete with plug. but the advertisement did not means anything about it.
no extra delivery fees and very prompt arrival of my order.  as others had written, the cable is much shorter than the original i purchased with my phone, but it fills my need.
for samsung galaxy s 4g. works perfectly. the cord is about half the length of the original that came with the phone, but for the price i can't complain. also bought stereo headphones from this seller. recommend both products and the seller. fast, free shipping.
good replacement for samsung infuse 4g cord. works well and it was for a good price. would recommend this purchase to a friend.
i bought this usb cord as an extra way to charge my samsung exhibit phone and this works great. no complaints.
i purchased this cable for my htc evo. it works well but the cable is really short. even shorter than the one that came with the phone. i guess you can say that the length makes it more portable, although i was expecting to get some thing longer.
just like this review!seriously though, it works, it's cheap, but the wire is a little short. what else can you ask for?
i should point out that the item received was not a samsung micro usb cable.  however, i purchased five and each one worked just fine.  no complaints for such an inexpensive cable.  would buy again.
what can i say about a usb charging cable? lol they work like they're supposed to. oh, and they smell nice, lol jk
the cable works as expected with my samsung galaxy s3 (for charging only, not for use with my computer). i ordered 2 of them to use at the office and in my car.
good works, but breaks easy. first night i used it one of them broke. for the price its good, just need to treat it right. i bought 3,
so far, this cable appears to be working very well. my only issue is that it is shorter than i expected for some reason.
not too much to say here. it works and does exactly what i needed it to do. pleased with purchase.
cable does not work on all my micro usb units, but it does work on most so i do have the extra cables i needed
i ordered 4 of these.  one stopped working after a month or so, but they're very cheap so it's not a big issue.  took a while to get here, though.
the cable is a bit dinky (lightweight, thin, maybe not so durable) but treated well, it should do just fine, and is a great price to have extras around for charging phones, etc.
the cable was a perfect fit and the price was cheap. doesn't feel cheap and i recommend to anyone looking for a replacement.
prothis usb data/charging cable is incredibly cheap and it works fine as oem cable.conthis cable is shorter than oem cable.if you need the range of oem cable, this product is not for you.
the cable does its job; yet the cable itself was not 3 feet long. it's not really a big deal, but it sometimes isn't long enough especially since i bought it under the impression that it would be.
bought hoping to use with my htc phone, but no go. it did work with my nook color. seems it has to have a smaller than standard plastic bit in the center of the usb jack for this to work.
i have not had any trouble using this to transfer mp3s and also used as a charging cable.  no regrets buying it.
product is just ok. you're getting you money's worth. it takes a while for the phone to get fully charged. shipping services was fast to deliver.
i was in great need of a replacement usb for my charger when my cat decided to chew on mine. it did its job. it replaced mine perfectly, and the price was nice.
it fit perfectly and im able to use it with my portable car charger aswell .so now when im in the car i can charge there also
i like it! small but terrible.my husband is using it at work. it works really fine.  i will recommend this product. it works properly. a+++
the only problem is that it is really short. but other then that it is fine. great for charging next to you.
this cable works well and the price is good, however it is a bit shorter than other usb data cables i have owned in the past
much shorter than i was expecting but works grest
i've tried so many charger cable and honestly this one seems to be  constructed the best. my only problem is that the cable is really short.
this connecter works very good, great acesssory for connecting various electronics together.charger, laptop, phone, ipod or as replacement part.good connection
this usb cord replacement charger is just like the one that originally came with my infuse when i purchased it.  it is not the plug portion of the charger just the usb part of the charger.  i received it rather quickly.
received the cords much sooner than expected. they did not match the picture as there were no samsung logos on the cord
worked as expected.  powered phone and other mini usb devices.  do not have any complaints.  saves time when on the go.j
the cables work great i use them every day to charge my phone at home, in my truck and at my office. the only complaint i had was that my order was shipped one cable short. at the price i still feel like it was a good deal.
it charges and transfers data for my galaxy s(i500, verizon). since we don't expect any fancy things from just a cable, that's all that matters.
this charger worked very well for my phone and camera. it's portability is great on the go. buy it if you've got a laptop around often.
length of the cable can be increased from the existing size. good product for quality use. recommended to buy this product.
cheap cable that does what it should. i would reccomend. charges my phone like it should but only used it 2 days so far
these were just like the original's i got with the phone.i would order these again. the phone and bluetooth both charge well with them
the cord works great it has the logo so you know what way is up, but it is really short. i dont remember if it said the size of the cord in the description but i would have paid more for a cord of average length.
these are good if you don't need a long cable.  these cables are really short but in a pinch or if hooked up to a portable charger are nice.
works on infuse 4g, cable is small(good for me as the usage is for charging from laptop)value for money, recommended.
arrived in time, works gd. i'm using it with my old iphone wall dock, so far no issues.would recommend to others.
not much to say. needed an extra charging cable and this fit the bill. good cable that works for my galaxy note 2.
i love the usb chargers.  i can use them in the car, home and with my pc to charge my phone anywhere.
it works fine, but i thought i would be able to pull my contacts off my samsung phone for backup purposes and i haven't been able to make that happen yet.
it works great! the only flaw is the cord is very very short, besides that you cant beat the 