does not work
i only had this charger for a few months before it broke. not a good product.  i don't recommend this to anyone.
i was initially very happy with this charger, however it died after just two months and the return window is only 1 month.
i read all of the reviews and ordered this product.  it stopped working after 6 weeks, so it was past the window that i could return the product. bummer.at least i am only out 7 bucks.
if you order this item directly from amazon, you should expect to receive this item in a clear little plastic bag, not in motorola retail packaging as indicated by other reviewers.  the photos and reviews from other customers are simply misleading.
i got the one with the motorola sticker yet it was not charging anymore in less than two months!!! avoid this item!!!
i ordered this model of charger because i am a fan of motorola products; however, i received the charger and it stopped working after a few days. i need help with getting a replacement.
charger was fine for the first three months, then just died. of course i cannot return it after a month, so i basically threw the cost of this charger out the window.
these chargers seem to be of high quality and they look very nice, i bought three of these and they all stopped working after only a few months time.  i am very disappointed.
i bought this to charge my t mobile mytouch and it didn't work.  it think they sent me a defective one.
the charger worked great at first, but after 5 months of use it died! light still comes on but it won't charge anything. of course the return period ended after 30 days, so i guess i'm out of luck.
yup. yet another early death. keep scrolling. cord/plug issues. there are better chargers. no way to just replace the cord.
does not work after one moth of light use.even when did work required wiggling until would charge. then lightest touch interupted chrage.
i had only had this car charger for about two weeks when it stopped working for no apparent reason. when i wanted to exchange or return it i would end up having to pay more for the exchange then i orignally paid for it. not worth the trouble.
was working great. the other day, i plugged it in and it lit up like it always does, but wouldn't actually charge my phone. yesterday marked approx 3 months of use. no return available, of course. guess i'll need to replace it with something more reliable.
bought figuring it was a good price. only latest about a week. had to just get one at the store.
did not work. did not work. simply did not work. could not return either as moved past the return date
these are extremely low quality. amazon replaced the first i ordered because the cable was detached from the dongle that plugs into the cigarette port. i received another shortly after and the same issue was present. expected more from motorola, even at the affordable price of this charger.
the durability is unacceptable. after 3 days of usage, a grand total of being plugged and unplugged 12 times, while using the phone as a gps, it no longer stays connected. this is the second to go bad in a short period. the first i ordered only lasted a month.
i never write reviews and i love motorola but this is really bad! this items broke after a month and now i can't return it.
disappointed that the description did not specify that this is for an android phone only.  i have a iphone ! the good thing about this whole deal, it was  &#34; easily &#34; returned & credit given promptly.
the micro usb is too small for my motorola razr m. did not charge the phone. i ended up using another charger.
this charger worked well for a few months and then stopped working. keep in mind that the blue light can be very distracting when driving at night. i connected it to the port on the back of the arm rest to minimize the light's distraction.
i ordered it based on so many good reviews. disappointed to see it came in cheap plastic wrap. i am going to return it asap.
i was able to use this car charger for about a week. after that it stopped charging. the blue light was on indicating connection, however there was no charge to the phone. threw it away since i couldn't use it,
when i first got this i was so glad on how fast in powered my phone. when i was driving on a sunday stormy i shifted intp 5th gear and the cord got wrap around the clutch. snapped the cord out of place and broke from the power unit.
this charger stopped working little after a month!since it's been over 30 days, i can't return the item.do not buy!no wonder price dropped significantly. i didn't even buy this at the cheap price.this item is piece of junk!do not buy!!!
it is to loose and doesn't make conection with my phone. i should of returned it but can't find my paper work.
worked great for about 3 weeks then stopped working. wouldnt recommend this piece of junk to anyone. i will stick to the verizon chargers i've always used.
broke bit light still comes on had it for a week and it broke .needs improvements.i need a replacement.charger but can't find a good one.
i opened the package, took out the product, plugged into a working cigarette lighter socket and connected it to my phone.  the battery did not indicate that it was charging and in fact did not charge.  the product shipped to me does not work!!
broke pretty much right away. do not recommend! this is cool looking but unfortunately the end that goes into your phone dies with in a few days.
i ordered this charger, and it arrived on time, but it never worked.  i tried it in 4 different cars and it never worked.  it was not expensive so i just threw it away
the title says it all. thought i got a deal. obviously they discounted these so much because they are crap now.
worked for five months or so, and than apparently the connector or the cord went belly up. no product is worth more than one star for that short a lifespan, unless it's food  
just dead. will  not charge. i wouldnt not get it again. seller would not help.  did not put any stress or wear and tear on model
this didn't work in either of our vehicles. we tried different power sources and it never would charge our phones. the light would turn on, but wouldn't charge our phones with the car off or on.
i bought this charger and yiu get what you pay for. it broke within one month. very cheaply made and took 2 months to get it buyer beware spend more get better quality.
like the title says only lasted about a month. i do like the design of it. it was just the connector the sucks, like all the other ones i've had.
worst usb car charger ever, do not buy. it will not work after a couple months. total waste of money.
it worked great at first, but stopped charging about 6 months into owning it. it seems to be an issue with the cord. if i bend the cord a certain way, it will charge for a brief moment, then stop.
quit working a week later. dang if i knew this i wouldve just purchased a charger from verizon wireless. smh
stopped working after 3 days with my droid razr. now have to put pressure on it in order to make it charge.
crapppp
does not work on my razr 3, this is to much trouble now i have to mail this back paying more postage and still without a car charger.
i only used this unit on my droid razr and it destroyed my battery!!! one minute it would be reading 45% then the next it would tell me i need to connect to charger due to only having 5% left.do not get this product!!!!!!!!!!!
it took no time breaking. it was totally unusable in about 2 weeks. i do not recommend this product. sorry!
won't charge not a motorola oem. chinese copy. phone discharges while plugged in. returning asap. you get what u pay for. not happy. beware of this.
looks like s*** quality. wire is pretty bent. the actual charger has no weight to it and just feels like it can break in my hands. no motorola sticker on the connector. the wire connecting to the charger feels like it can easily be pulled out.
this particular charger met its untimely demise because of no reason in particular. it just hatedliving in this cruel, cruel world. good bye you persnickety turd.
will not charge my lg a340. charger lites up but  won't charge phone. i needed seven more words for this
rapid rate? the only rapid rate is fast you will lose your money.it does not charge any faster than a cheap charger.1 hour drivingstart: .44 percentage on samsung galaxy phonefinish: .67 percentage on samsung galaxy phone
they sent the wrong item. was'nt the micro usb rapid rate charger was another type of car charger which i can't use plus no return address on the packaging
this does not charge my lg 440g trac phone.  it has the right connector but would not charge my phone. i gave it to a friend with a different phone and it worked for him.  i bought a more expensive one elsewhere that ended up working.
my friend has the same charger and it works fro my blackberry fast and good, but mine isn't even charging my blackberry only if i hold and push in the male to charge it. whufffi thought its motorola, but my friend also have a motorola and it workssss.
after this charger broke, i just now noticed that i have the fake charger.  i had this charger for a couple months without noticing until now, doh!
keeps cutting out but i guess thats what your get.you get what you pay for.do not buy this item if you want a charger that works
this charger does not work on my lg android phone. a complete rip off. icon on phone says it is charging but the battery life does not increase at all, therefore this product clearly is not charging my phone.
i have had a total of three in the past year, one for each car. all of them have broken since then. they work fine while they last but i am going to look elsewhere for a different charger.
the item quit working (it has a short in cable) after 3 months. it was used lightly on a samsung s3 phone.
do not waste your money it quit charging after a week and a halfgo somewhere else and find one just junk here
i ordered this item more than a month ago and must have received a different item on 1/10/11 because i have not received this specific item to date (2/20/2011). i had ordered multiple, varied chargers.
charged my phone once and it broke didnt bother getting a refund. i wouldnt buy again. seemes cheap not original motorola equipment.
while billed as a "rapid charger," it would take me 5 hours to charge my phone. no joke   300 minutes, as it charges 1% per 3 minutes if i'm lucky. don't waste your money. if i could give it no stars, i would.
i used this 1 time. it worked for about 5 minutes. now i plug it in and it docent even light up or charge anything. not recommended base on my experience.
doesn't work with samsung s3. it stops charging every few seconds. will try to send back, and now for a few more words. no it still doesn't work
do not purchase this item, it would take 3 days to charge your phone with this item.  it is knockoff branded charger.
this charger gives me 2% to 7% charge every hour whether my car is running or not.  there is nothing else i can say but that it is garbage do not buy.
good that i ordered two, the first one came with the connector bended so it won't fit in the phone. got what i paid for.
gave this item to my daughter as a gift,  she loves it and uses it to keep her cell fully charged on trips.
do not buy    terrible product.  it stopped working after three weeks of use.  and by &#34;use&#34; i mean about two hours a day during my coummute to/from work.  complete waste of money.
cheap price, great prime shipping, received it and it worked for about a month.  now, unless you hold the charger at just the right angle, it doesn't charge.  pretty unhappy.
do not waste your money. this purchase was a complete waste of money and time. it is plastic and cheap.
don't buy unless you like to waste your money son! don't even think about it! this sucks demon guts! resist!
it didn't work from day one. the charger doesn't charge my phone period. i wish the supplier would mention how much power it generates, or what people could use it to charge.
this car charger worked for about a month. it still lights up the cool blue color but does not charge the phone at all.i left it connected for three hours with no change in the battery level. junk!!!
this is for a phone not the motonav tn30 that i thought it was for. will be going in the trash
this worked for about a month, and only charges my phone very sporadically now.  the connection seems perfectly fine, it just doesn't show as &#34;charging&#34; 90% of the time.  total waste, and extremely frustrating.  would not purchase again.
i am disappointed with my motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger, my charger did not work after two weeks.  i was wondering if i am entitled for a refund or a replacement. please contact to let me know.
did not work with my iphone 5 as advertised, and i threw the shipping info away before i verified so i could not return it : ((
my evo charges when connected to the two other sources i use, but when trying to connect in the car to this charger, it has to be held (worse yet, kind of &#34;bent&#34;) in just an exact spot to charge.  definitely wouldn't buy this again.
the micro usb end that plugs into the phone became bent in the first week of use. charges half the time. would not buy.
this is not a good item to purchase. you have to bend the plug in at the phone in order for it to charge. very unreliable product and would not recommend. i would not even give it one star but thats the only way to post this.
was a great charger.  but now blows my car fuse every time i plug it in.  tried a different charger and the fuse is fine.  did not last six months.
this worked for awhile, maybe 3 months.  then it stopped.  what kind of review do you give something that works well for three months but then stops working?  how about one star?
it says its for a motorola va76r tundra phone but it is not. do not believe everything you see on amazon marketing. also bought a battery from the oem shop through amazon. it was used and doa. would not even take a charge.
the charger buzzes over the auxiliary while i'm trying to charge and play music. the product says motorola on it and it was made in china. i suspect it may have been an outsourcing issue because motorola products are usually good quality.
its useless.  wont charge the phone unless the phone is powered off.the charger cant keep charging while the phone is on.
worked great for the 5 months that it lasted until it completely stopped working. don't waste your money and go with another option instead.
please do not buy this piece of crap! mine quit working two weeks after i received it. i thought with it being a motorola product the quality would be top notch. wrong! very disappointed motorola. hope this helps.
blew up my atrix. returning it asap. looks like the real thing but after just a few minutes charging my phone was toast.
this is the third  and final motorola product i will have owned.  previously i had a cell phone and bluetooth earpiece manufactured by motorola  they both fell apart and/or stopped functioning.  add this car charger to the list, it worked fine for a little while but is now useless.
this thing broke within a couple days. the plastic cover on the side that goes into your phone came off. waste of money.
does not last long! all of a sudden, stops charging. this is the second one i have bought, thinking it was a fluke with the first. not recommended, unfortunately.
the plug on this charger does not properly fit my motorola droid2. i didn't test it until too late for a refund. i found a generic brand charger that works well. i am very disappointed in motorola and the decline in quality of their products.
i really can't use this product because it seems to be breaking a fuse in my car each time i use it
i got this charger to replace my old one because i don't have a radio in my car and listen to the radio on my phone. this charger doesn't charge any faster than my other 1.
if i could give this 0 stars i would. this item arrived in a plastic sandwich bag. it did not charge my phone. sent it back. bought a verizon charger that works great. would not recommend this item.
i bought this charger because all of the ratings were so good but the charger broke after a month of light use. very disappointing.
doesn't charge my samsung phone. the output rating on this unit is enough to charge my phone but it doesn't. i guess i need the twelve volt charger with the usb end on it.
just bought this on march 5, 2014 and it went out already. horrible part is that they won't allow me to return it. buyer beware.
after one year of using this product (on average a few times a week), the charger will not work unless moved a certain way. it is very difficult to keep in a position that works. other chargers even older than this one work fine. this one is not recommended.
lasted one week before the cord pulled out of the plug in. cheap junk. don't buy this charger as you will be very disappointed like i was.
i have had a few of these and they've all been much better. my last one only lasted about 3 weeks before the wiring in the plug broke. it's a shame too because i always liked this particular charger.
this is the 2nd charger i bought.  the first one arrived and works great so i decided to order another for my wife's car but it does not work at all so have to go through the trouble of returning / exchanging so a little frustrated.
ordered this from amazon, not a third party retailer and did not recieve the p513. i received the spn5400a. i dont see why it wont work though, but i'm giving this 1 star because i did not receive what i ordered.
this one died in 3 weeks using it with my new samsung nexus!!! wow, expected it to last longer. little upset.
piece of crap. doesn't work. better get a replacement and a return label for this junk. don't waste your money.
worked great for awhile now i have to hold the jack into the port to charge or repush it in every now and then.  not sure why.
now after not four months its trash, does not charge any longer.  i contacted seller and they said, sorry you had a 30 day window to send back. ever hear of a 30 day warranty? garbage. guess you get what you pay for.
if yours still works. consider yourself lucky. ours both died real quick and i guess you get what you pay for with items like this, but did not expect to throw them away after a few weeks.
this worked wonderfully for a few months, but then the phone port stopped working properly, not being able to properly make the connection without using pressure with my hands. this has happened to three of these units for me now.
htc evo 3d randomly says its underpowered. might be just my luck! others don't seem to have the same issue!
i bought two motorola cellphone battery chargers and both of them were defective one of them dindt charge and the other one is broke!!!
i bought this in august and by mid october, the charger just stopped working.  i left this charger always plugged in and the cord wasn't stressed, so i don't believe that misuse would be the cause.
yes, it is the same charger that is shown in the picture. but no, it does not work.unfortunatelysad day.
the charger looks great, and i assumed that because it was branded that it would be high quality (not exactly sure why i thought that, it's motorola.) this charger worked for less than a month in my car. buyer beware.
didn't last too long.only 1 month.have to buy a new one now.i will buy a different model than this one
no excuse for this. it worked for about 9 months, and its like many things where the hassle to replace is less than return.
will not charge your t mobile phone. will plug in but will not charge. it will charge my wifes galaxy ii
this is a cheap knock off.  don't buy it.  i was expecting one, like the one that came with my phone.the picture is inaccurate.
came.worked less than 3 times.now it is broken.  doesn't charge a thing or even  light up, oh well.  lesson learned.
it worked fine until it didn't. i have to replace it after less than 6 months. the blue light comes on, but will not charge any phones.
had to hold it and wiggled left n right to finally get power going to my phone for a second, then power cut off when i let it sit.i'm not willing to hold it while it's charging. bad connection.
this item seems not to be the correct type! the normal power charger for  the xoom tablet has a different male plug. this one plugs in the mini usb port and the charging light does not come on,nor white nor green.
this charger worked well for the two weeks i've had it. today it fell apart as i was putting it away; the micro usb tip fell off the spiral cord and is exposing the wires.
the charger does not even turn on. no charge my smart phone.i do not recommend anyone to buy this product.
this item broke after two uses.  i have purchased 3 of these over the last year and all three have broke.  nice and cheap, but not worth the faultyness.
it worked fine for 7 months.  it no longer works.  do you have to replace an aadapter/charger twice a year?
this product is poor quality and doesn't charge my phone.  tried in both cars and my work truck.  it went into the garbage.
it just looked like the original one. bad quality. it didn't charge my droid cellphone well just let it to be alive! after a while it warmed a lot. after 4 months it didn't work and i thrown it in garbage.
died after a little over a year of use.  no, i didn't leave it plugged in all the time.it was plugged in while i was charging the phone, that's it.  could be a blown fuse, but it's not serviceable, so i have no idea.
i purchased 2 of these and one is working fine but the other works intermittently with my phone. another charger works find in it.
don't purchse this!!  it doesn't work in any of our vehicles.  it does fit in the phone, but it must be broken or something, even though it looks new.
this does not charge my droid x.  tried it in different cars, to no avail.  too much trouble to send it back, so i just threw it away.
lasted only a few weeks before you had to hold it at a certain angle to get a change. now it doesn't work at all.
was cool and worked well until 6 mos after.  lights up but doesn't charge unless i hold the usb at a certain angle on the phone.  i  thought it was my phone, but regular/outlet charger work just fine, so it's the car charger that's messed up.
this product does not fit any motorola phone. it is not made for any that are flip phones. it can only be used in the newer style.
it fit my samsung galaxy s3, but did not charge it.  paid too little to return. i will stick to samsung products.
stopped working after 4 months.  the usb plug connection degraded where the cord enters the usb plug.  it works off and on.  what scared me is how hot the plug got. much hotter than any other plug i own for any electronic.
i order charger for my hct but was sent chargers with a very small prong not a usb.  this type chargers are not even used anymore on today's phones.
i would never buy this. i trashed it. it never chaeged my bluetooth. what a waste of money. i'm soo disappointed
after it stopped working i contacted motorola, they told me that i have to contact amazon, well amazon told me that it's not anymore under the warranty, and i have to buy a new one every year.
my wife and i ordered 2 of these and they no longer work.  cheap plastic, cheap price, cheap results.  maybe on one of the first ever microsd phones it might charge correctly but my s4 and her note3 tore these things up.
motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger. looks cool, breaks easily. i've had 2 stop working on me. fool me twice, never again.
this charger did not last that long. the cord connecting to the charger came loose in only a few months of light use. get something else.
fyi:  it does not fit the samsung galaxy s3!  what a disappointment!  i have to buy a new one now.
i don't know if i'm doing something wrong but this won't charge my droid incredible.  i took a five hour drive but when i unplugged the phone, the battery was completely discharged and the phone was very hot to the touch.
when using this charger, my droid razr will still drain its battery under heavy use, such as navigation + streaming music + bright screen. buy the motorola p617 for a charger that actually works as advertised.
it worked great for a few years but then fell apart.  guess it can't stay in a car that long.  what's the point.
was ready to be tossed after only a few short months of use. was very dissapointed but it wasn't exactly expensive either. so i guess i got my moneys worth out of it.
the charger did not work when i got it, since i paid like $5 for it i didn't even bother sending it back! thanks a lot
less than a year and it has already stopped working. as far as micro usb chargers go, i would expect reliability from a company such as motorola. unfortunate.
i would have given this no stars if i could   it stopped working after only 3months!!!  how is that possible??? we expect quality from motorola usually, and should have known when it was cheaper than the samsung one by half.
i bought two, they suck the energy from the battery instead of charging. looks like a nice charger but be aware it does not work with all products.
bad, just bad. blue light turns on and it looks like it work. . . looks.once i connect it to my phone, it says it's charging, but half an hour later and my batter is almost dead. pretty much drained my battery. useless, just useless. avoid. avoid. avoid.
junk! held a charge for two weeks than all of a sudden, it woudln't charge. thanks motorola for pure china crap.
use it just in the car, no pulling or tugging but the cord pulled away from the plug in piece. didn't work out well.
not sure about this product being a true motorola charger, it worked fine at first but then stopped working after a couple weeks use. i  returned the charger and they sent me a new one and i had the same problem with the new charger.
as usual finding a dependable car charger is impossible.  i used this for only 4 weeks and already it is broken.
i know my cigar lighter in my car work. have used other plug in.this one did not work. no response.
this isnt a micro usb chager it is a regular usb charger and they send a cheap adapter for a micro usb port that falls off and is really long waste of money it says nextel on it instead of motorola dont buy!
this stopped working about 3 months after i bought it. i thought for sure it would make it a year since it's a &#34;name brand&#34;. my igo is the only thing that continuously works.
worked for a couple of weeks then it went into the trash. this was actually my 2nd one. the first also broke quickly.
i figured motorola would make a good charger. it looks cool (i guess). i ordered two. one was doa. the other one lasted a couple weeks and quit charging. the connections at the micro usb plug failed i think. into the scrap bin for both of them. waste of money.
this unit burned with in a few weeks of owning it, but the blue illumination showing m as in motorolla still works lol
this charger does not work with my htc droid eris phone as indicated.  i just kept it because i think one of my sisters will be able to use it.
i ordered this from amazon, not a third party retailer and did not recieve the p513.  i received the  spn5400a.  i dont see why it wont work though, but i'm giving this 1 star because i did not receive what i ordered.
i was positive i read this fit the iphone 5 s but i was wrong.  very disappointed.  if the packaging had not been destroyed i would send it back.
the charger is pretty cool looking it has a blue light that glows even when car is off, but it stoopped working after 6 weeks
the charger worked fine at firt. then it burned out after 3 months of moderate use with an htc evo 4g. i do not recommend anyone purchase this item. i am going to purchase an oem charger specifically for the htc evo 4g instead.
the usb connector is the wrong size and will not fit into my motonav tn20 gps charger port, it's the wrong charger for the device.
sometimes it works in the cigarette lighter slot and sometimes it doesn't. and i've tried it in different cars. many times when you plug it in it starts working and then it will just randomly stop working.
this thing arrived "deader than a doornail". the blue light glowed, i think (it was bright daylight), but absolutely no power got to the phone. what a waste.
blue light is nice but no output, to charge my cell phones.would like a replacement so will see how to do that.
it broke in about 2 months (just in time to not be able to return it.) garbage. it broke at the base of the cable (nearest the cell phone input). there are exposed wires and it no longer works. boo.
saw it was $3 ordered. got what i paid for.doesn't work at all with my thunderbolt.if i could, i would give this 0 stars.
this is not a micro usb charger, it is a mini usb charger. there is a big difference and did not fit my phone. only buy this if you want a mini usb charger.
this charger lasted me 3 months.now it charges on and off depending on how it fits into the phone or car dock.maybe you'll get lucky and get a better quality one.
unfortunately,  it only lasted 6 months & that was with light use. used only occasional going to and from work.  the wire near the phone plug became positional & ultimately quit working.
this is not a rapid charger. it works, and has a long cord which is nice, but it charges more slowly than my wall charger. disappointed in it a great deal.
this product started out pretty good, but after a few weeks of using it, the quality soon showed itself. it doesn't charge unless in the port of the phone at a certain angle and often leaves me with a dead phone on trips. not a good buy.
when i got the product, it worked, charging my samsung galaxy s ii for about 2 days. then died. contacted seller to get replacement and i did but that one was dead when i got it. so all in all, its a bad product.
does not work with new smartphones.  my smartphone said when i plugged it in that this doesnt work with it and its would be slow to charge. do not get for modern smartphones.
this thing is a piece of junk that stopped working after 3 months. don't bother and it's just not worth it.
description stated that this device would work on a motorola tundra va76r.it did not and had to be returned. [2 each]
this product will not charge my phone!  the blue light comes on, but my phone still will not charge up.
i think some kind of power shock happened, and my phone was kept rebooting itself, and then died.what the heck? i gave my trust to this product since it is manufactured by &#34;motorola&#34;. now my trust is gone. :,(
it was working fine the first week. it was charging but not that fast. after a week of using it it would not charge at all even if i move the cord around.
this came on time and had a good price, but. it looks cool with a blue motorola insignia and glow, but it could hardly maintain a charge on my phone. let alone charge it from scratch. may replace my car's power unit to try again before i toss it.
do not buy this, this charger caused a power spike that killed my motorola smart phone. if you buy it you are taking a chance.
not what i was hoping, not very &#34;rapid&#34;. save your money and buy external an external battery source. motorola makes a great one which i purchased.
the green light is on, but the charger does not work at all. my cell phone cannot be charged.i'll have to trash it as it'll cost more to mail it back than the refund/original price.
i needed an older motorola plug. this one does nt fit. i still need a charger for my auto outlet.
i purchased this bluetooth less than a month ago and it only worked twice.for some reason it stopped working.now i'm stuck with it because the return period has passed.
i use this charger for my droid x in my car. used to work ok and in 2 3 months (using it about once to twice per month) its not working right anymore. will buy some other charger this time.
you get what you pay for. works but developed a short in the cord and only charges when the cord is in certain positions. also the mini usb just randomly falls out of the phone.
the charger did not work for my samsung phone. the blue motorola light comes on but my phone never showed it was charging after trying several outlets in the vehicle.
first one i got didn't ever turn on.  exchanged it and have yet to receive the replacement.  will update when it arrives.
they stopped working after exactly 9 months.  i bought them because of the good reviews.  very disappointed in the quality of this product.
my htc thunderbolt did not recognizeworthless for melight came on with the charger but nothingnot happy with product
received wrong power adapter twice. twice sent back, still waiting after 3 weeks for the correct p513 power adapter i had ordered, to be sent to me?
so, i ordered this item for my husband. it worked great when he received it, then after 3 days it suddenly stopped. nothing. i would not recommend this product to anyone. they market it with the motorola stamp to get your attention, don't be fooled! it's junk!
we ordered 2 of these for our cars. we like the one that works, but the second one went bad after a week and won't charge our phones at all. we waited too long to return it, so now we must purchase another one.
used it lightly in my car and it now is frayed and sputteringly charges my droid phone. recommend against it
orderd one in november 2011 workerd for about a month then stopped working. seller quickly replaced product so i decided to give another try for my sisters phone now hers and mine is broke not at all impressed with quality.
it does not charge and is not worth returning.waste of time and money. look for better chargers somewhere else.
this charger did not work right out of package, it was a gift.  the price was great.  just found out they couldn't use it, so i took back to try to return.  amazon said it is past return for full refund.otherwise i am very happy with amazon.
broke after a couple months, doesn't charge unless you hold it at a specific angle and even then it is spotty at best.  don't recommend it.
i now have to lean my phone up so that the part of the charger that plugs into the phone is tilting up into the phone in order for the phone to charge properly.  what a piece of junk!
as many other reviewers have indicated, the product works for maybe 2 weeks and then falls apart. it cost only 77 cents, so i'm not going to bother returning it. delivery takes at least 3 weeks. it wasn't worth the wait. don't buy this inferior product.
at first it worked fine but the second time i used it the device would not charge at all so when i went to unplug it the computer tip broke off into my computer. i will never buy this one again.
bought 5 cables for my 3gs after reading many reviews but none of them is working. they say this accessory is not supported everytime i plug it in. useless
bought this in apr 2011, stopping charging my iphone 3gs in july 2011i guess you get what you pay for
cable broke but still functional in the 1st week, completely broken after 3 weeks and cannot charge my iphone4 anymore.
cable worked for 1 day. next day it didn't. i bought 2. same problem with both. i tired multiple computers and outlets.
cannot use product. the cables will not connect to computer or to a usb charger. cables are useless. and it will cost more to ship back to hong kong then what we paid for them
charger broke after a couple of days.  waste of time waiting, but then again.its really cheap.  the charger came in a lot earlier than i thought though.
charger simply doesn't live up to the hype from the 5 star reviews specifically the cellular 5 company.  wouldn't charge when plugged into my usb drive & when plugged into the wall adapter i couldn't turn my phone on while it was charging.
didnt work!!! dont waste your money or time on it!!!!
doesn't work like it should. only last a few days before breaking. will not charge my phone in all usb wall plugs and doesn't charger very fast.
doesn't work
do not buy, first of all it took a month to have it shipped, it looked fine when i received it,worked fine for one week, then it broke and came apart, i would not recommend this!
got it pretty fast, as soon as i plug it in to use it it just disconnects and re connects all the time none stop, tried with i phone 4 and 3g, both didnt work.
got stuck in my phone the first time i plugged it in. wires pulled apart and broke when i took it out.
have not received this item as of date, ordered the first part of december and have not receive to ate in mid january.
haven't received its been a month!!! i didn't think it would take that long!! i ended up having to borrow my kids bc i'm still waiting!! don't order this it's been a month!!
i bought 2 of this charging, 1 works, another 1 didn't work at all, i tried on computer and charging, computer noticed me this usb may injure my computer.
i bought it on april 29 and it broke on june 27
i bought two of these cables from a third party seller and both of them broke in less than a month.  luckily they were cheap so i didn't really loose any money.  if you need a new cord get them from apple so you know that they're legit.
i can not recommend this product because it broke the first time i used it. it broke while removing it from my iphone.so don't buy it!
i have heard good things about this product but have yet to receive it over a month after i ordered it so i can't provide a direct review. i really need a new cord for synching but this delay is incredibly aggravating and makes the price not worth it.
i have not even received the product, it has been more than a month and few days !!  no more comments for such seller.
i have not received my item. ordered a month ago. no email updating me on status, no product to review. :(
i order 4 usb sync & charging cables.  they do not work!!!  i waited a month and a half for them to come in. i just got them and they are useless!!!!!
i ordered from this company on jan 5 2012 and will not get my order until feb 1  17 2012. do not buy from this company. it takes them one month to ship order!!!!
i placed my order over 1 month ago and i have yet to receive my item. i will not be ordering from here again. the only reason i am not super pissed. is because i did not spend over $10 for it. this was a lesson learned.
i purchased the ipod charger but it is not working.you guys sent me a cord that does not work? is it possible i can get another one?
i purchased the usb iphone cables on december 1, 2011.  i had planned on using them as stocking stuffers but i have yet to receive them.  very disappointed.
i received the charger and it never worked smh i want a refund asap!!
i still have not received this in the mail yet!!!!! i am extremely disappointed by this! please rectify this problem. thanks!
it became frayed and, well, i don't know how else to say it   but it self destructed within a week!
it broke after using it only a few times very gentle use. i would not recommend you buy it as it is a waste of money.
it broke almost immediately!
it broke in less in a week. very regret of this purchase.
it doesnt really work as well as an original apple charger, & it kind of sticks when you try to take it off.
it looks just like iphone cable, but it's just a poor copy of that product.  it stopped working after using one time.  it's very cheap, but not working at all!
i used this cable once and the plug assembly (where it connects to the device) fell apart.  this is very cheaply made.  don't waste your money.
i was looking for a really oem apple product but is a fake product from build it electronics llcdon't buy it from this people "build it electronics llc" it's fake something the cable don't even work
i wish i could post a helpful review, but it's been over a month and i still haven't received the item.
i would love to review the usbs i ordered on 11/30/2011 however i still haven't received my order. very disappointing as they were going to be stocking stuffers.
just got this and as soon as i plugged it in, ipod says this is not an acceptable accessory for ipod, so it wont even charge. lame.
just plugged one of these in, and as i was unplugging it just as i have with the oem cables the iphone connector came apart.  not worth the money or the time it took to receive this item.
never received this item.  just glad i didn't pay a lot of money for it.  said it was shipped.  could have been lost in the mail.  will never know.
not a good product. when my phone is plugged in, i usually get a message which says "charging is not supported with this accessory", and it stops charging.  it was a very inexpensive ($.75) product, however, i'm still disappointed.
not working at all even with ac adapter and with imac also, please do not wast your time and money on this product, i have read couple review on this same still i order this item but never again.thanks,
not working
now ac doesn't blow cold at all. on full heat all the time even with car off. had to reinstall my old unit. waste of money.
omg.i ordered this over a month ago. where is it shipping from? the moon?? there's no where on this planet that shipping would take more than a month. not happy :(
ordered a month ago and i haven't received it yet.  i'm still waiting with hope that maybe it is still on it way.  will post another review if i ever get it
ordered on 12/02/11. it is 1/27/12 and i still haven't gotten the item. buyer beware, it may be a good deal, but if you never get it, then it's not that cheap :(
ordered the cables 3 weeks ago and still have not received by the generic apple usb cables.  sent an email to the merchant and never responded.  merchant deserves a zero rating for lack of customer service.
ordered these back in november.  my account says they shipped the middle of december, but i never received them.  thankfully, it didn't cost much but i'd still like to get what i order!
ordered this item over 3 weeks ago and it still hasnt arrived !!!! will never order again ! still waiting for this item, thought it would show up sooner then they claim but no and no tracking !!
product was never received!!!! ordered in conjuction with another product that was wonderful but never got this one.i give one star just because it was mandated on the review to give something
right out of the packaging, plugged it in and it worked. five minutes later it was over. no more, finished. got a refund.
still have not received product.its been 35 days not a very happy camper right now, unsure where my purchase is
still have not received this order. will take over a month to get it. very long time to get. not happy with shipping.
thanks amazon, for making it easy to stop after lots of years purchasing on your site.this is no place for this kind of material.
the cable doesn't work, not sure if i got a bad cable or something i soon as i put it in nothing happen it won't work in the wall or in my pc, good thing it was cheap or i would have been really piss.
the cable got broken after a couple of usage. very dissapointed.
this doesn't work with my iphone. it plugs in but it will not charge or sync. i'll spend the extra money to get an original.
this is not a real apple cable. it didn't even last 2 weeks even less than one i bought for $1.00 in amazon.
this item never worked. contact the seller and they never responded. don't waste your money. it is not apple certified. get something else.
this price is for one ordinary chip brush.  the product descriptions says quantity  36, but i only received one.additionally the brush is not noticeably extra thick.
this product has not arrived yet i have noted this vender and will never order from them again. not a lot of money involved which i am very thankful of.
valleybuy gave terrible quality cable. be careful about the cheap iphone cable. mine is broken after two months of use.
very poor quality.  did not fit smoothly into the phone and broke the second day.  guess i got what i paid for.
when i received this product it was defective. it would not charge or sync my phone. i was extremely disappointed!
which should not come as a surprise when you pay a couple of cents for it really.just fork out a bit more money and buy a legit one
and it does not make sense to spend time/effort to go to ups store to send it back. the company should just replace it.
disposable. one time use only. it breaks when you pull it out from the iphone. ordered 3 of these, all did the same.
doesn't work. at all. the ipod doesn't even recognize that sonething is plugged in. tried on a few different devices. ended up using it to play witb my cats. not worth it at all.
do not order.  dissatisfied with product.  waited weeks for it and it doesn't work, won't fit ipod. the two notches at the side prevent it from sliding in.
dont trust it, it failed after a week just like every other knockoff i have purchased. get a good brand name and tape it to something you never lose.
i am waiting for already a month!!!it is outragious!!!this product is in all stores like bestbuy is not so dificult to have still.
i dont recall every receiving it. ever. but it was cheap so i didnt really complain. i assumed maybe the mailing people lost it.
i have an iphone 5s and my husband has an iphone 5, neither were able to sue these cable because the phone did not recognize it so it was a waste of money.
i never got this product! i sent them a message and they realy it was coming by snail mail, but i have not gotten it and it been a over a month??? what is up with that.
i ordered this item  november 27,2011 it is december 28 and stili haven't received it , very disappointed in amazon i don't think i'll be ordering from them ever again
i ordered two. one of them doesn't work. the other one doesn't fit. i can't plug that in my ipod.
i still have not received this item after well over two weeks. i am very disappointed. i hope i get the item asap.
it has not arrived yet i want it now i am so madd i realy dont appreciate it man!! omg
i wouldn't know how this product works because i have yet to receive it. ordered a month ago and is still a no show.
ordered from importer420.heh.cheap and horrible. has bad connection within 2 weeks of use. now i get that charging isnt supported with the device message. also, the 2 ends of the cable have already split open and i can now see the cables inside. all after just light use. horrible
quality of pin which fits into iphone is too bard because of its hardness.not as smooth as original charger.
should have a plug defect as it working for by intermittence, as tech should be a small plug defect, but no time to send it back
terrible!! rarely ever fit my various apple products, on the off chance they did the cord wouldn't charge!! it would make the phone charge off and on, constantly chiming. i'll never waste the $ again. horrible.
the item took a long time to arrive coming from over seas. the usb cord does not charge your iphone or ipad as stated. you get what you pay for. i should have listened to the negative reviews and not wasted my dollar.
these cables are not worth the money they cost.won't even charge my ipad while i am using it. battery level keeps getting lower while plug in with these cables. and they are very short , less than 3 feet.
these items broke within a few days. they are broken, cheap, bad quality & you should not buy this product and it should not be sold in this bad condition
this charging cable worked for about 1.5 months   and i used it maybe 7 times. all it did was sit on my dresser, so i don't know what could have happened to it to make it stop working. waste of money, time, and packaging to buy this item.
this is garbage. this adapter did not even fit into my phone. rather than mess up my phone trying to squeeze this in, i just threw it in the garbage. not worth buying.
this item does not charge my phone. it was a waste of money. i should have just spent the extra $3 on a decent charger
this product is not compatible with the iphone 4, despite what the description says, the seller info keeps changing, this is a cheap knock off, that looks like the correct cable but doesn't work. it is sold cheap, knowing it is defective, to make it less likely you'll return it.
this product was cheap & possibly because it wasn't even worth the cheap price.  it only helped maintain a charge but did not add any more charge to my phone.  not worth it to return!
this was a complete rip off . don't even waste your time. it's not worth the money at all .
this wire did not fit into my phone. it was cheaply made and a complete waste of money. they advertise that its for iphones yet it did t fit and nearly broke my phone because it was stuck in my phone. do not but!
worked only for a short time and none of the six i order for my classroom ipods are now working for charging.  it was a waste of money.  they sometimes work for connecting to itunes but are unreliable.
works great for precisely 5 weeks, and then it dies. to get it to work, the cable needs to be bent in a certain way just to get a decent connection. the official apple ones are expensive but i never had a problem with them. never again.
i needed an extra cable for my ipod nano 5g so i got this for only a dollar. it took almost a month to be delivered and it stopped functioning within the first 2 weeks. do not get it; it's not worth your time or money.
every time i plug this so called "product" into iphone 4, it says "impossible to charge with this device". or something like that. what is the reason of buying it?! just another disappointment.
i placed the order on december 30th 2011, and as of february 26th 2012 i have not received item. there is not tracking information or anything i can do to see whats going on. i guess its a waste
never got it after waiting for close to two months. don't buy it from hong kong. they just don't respond to your emails and be careful about this vendor.
this cable stopped working a couple days after using it. don't waste your money on this worthless piece of crap   pay a little bit more and get one that works!
this is taking way to long to deliver . i had to give it to someone for a christmas gift and it isn't coming till after.
horrible!!didn't use for 2 weeks before the cord pulled out of the usb connector. hoping to get refund.
the sync cord does not charge the iphone have of time . sometimes it acts as if its charging but it is not charging . not a reliable product.
do not buy!  mine was poorly made. i couldn't even get it to fit into the opening!  i tossed it in the trash!
&lt; 1$ is not a good deal.  this thing fell apart after one week.  spend more on a better cable and get a better value.
i ordered 2, one came with mashed pins so it wouldn't connect properly to charge, the other broke when i was trying to remove the charger from my phone.  i bought a cable for $8 at walgreens that works much better.
the cable simply does not work. i was so disappointed when i tried to use it. moreover, when i tried to return it, the label i received does not include the mailing/shipping cost. so i will have to pay to send it back! what a nightmare!
the cables that i got all broke with in two day not a good product  so if u order i hope u have better luck
as others mention before, this generic cable is a trash, i got error message when i plugin to my 3gs iphone. don't buy it from marketplace.
it stopped working after the first few days i had it.  but for the price how much can you complain.  just go someplace else and pay a little more.
this is by no mean worth it,this is a dollar wasted , i figure i would be cheap and buy this for a extra charger,got what i paid for, an extra charger, all my apple products  don't like it(not supported)
hating that i bought two of these  they are absolutely terrible! not only did they literally break within days, but they didn't charge either.
dont work. didnt even charge my iphone. dont even bother buying this it doesnt work extreamly un happy with this product
i ordered this hoping it wouldnt be a cheap charger but i was wrong this charger didnt even work for a week do not buy i am really mad at this company i had to throw my charger away i just wasted time and money
this item only lasted in my car for a week or so! i guess now i know why it was so inexpensive.
it did not work at all. when i plugged it in nothing happened. i hated it. do not buy it!! i warn you. what a waste of money.
this product would be good to keep as a spare in your backpack, laptop bag or locker.  i bought two and they both fell apart the first week.  still usable for a short while longer.  but, not a permanent fix by any standards
they charged my credit card. on jan 6th 2012 for my item, here it is apr 10th and i still have not recieved my item. after reading other people's comments this company makes a habit of doing this.
after waiting 3+ weeks to receive this cord, only to find that the bottom of the cord doesn't even fit into any of my apple devices; ver disappointing.
i am happy that i ordered 3 of these because one broke within a week of receiving it. the cable pulled right out of the head of the charger since there is no release buttons. i would not recommend this product to others. pay extra for better quality.
bought three of these but think i would have been better off buying a more expensive and better quality cord. each lasted no more than a month.
ordered 2 cables and they literally lasted 2 weeks.i will not be ordering from them any more. thank you good bye
i don't recommend this product for nobody it doesn't work properly it damage your iphone your ipod don't buy it
this item was broken in two weeks. i didn't even move it around. it was my car charger. i wish i just spent the extra few bucks on a better one.
broken upon arrival. looked nice (aside from the fact that it clearly wasn't made by apple) but didn't work at all upon plugging it in. wish you could give 0 stars, what would i be giving one star for?
these are cheap knock offs.  all of the six or so cables i purchased have failed and failed quickly.  either by oe cables or go to monoprice to buy some rock solid replacements.
this cable really sucks. it doesnt charge my ipad and its a very cheap material. but you get what you pay
order 20, 30 pin apple cables none of them work with any of our devices, computers and power supplies.  it was a good price, well good if the product worked, and probably less than return postage.
baad quality. sometimes incompatible with iphone. very slow charging rate. do not advise to buy it. bad cable to port attacment.
all usb that i bought didn't work. it's awful. i don't recommend this company or their products. it was cheap but no quality.
i bought this to use with my iphone, however when plugged in, it says that the cord is not compatible, and it will not work
this cable worked perfectly for a few days, until the usb end fell off. it was worth trying for the extremely cheap price, but in the future i'll splurge and buy a real one.
the cable was defective and would only charge sometimes; otherwise it would give a not compatible with my iphone message.
it was too small the charger didn't work on ipod, iphone, wrong product. it cost only .81 cent with no shipping charge, but if you can get enough buyers that's a huge amount of cash. i wasn't worth sending back.
i have used my charging cable for less than a month and already has a split in the rubber.  i see why they were so inexpensive now.  they work just fine, but the quality of the construction is poor.
the first one they sent didn't work so they kindly sent a replacement, but after a couple days it quit working too. kind of a pain.
save your money.  two of these things shorted out, fortunately my devices weren't garaged.  these cables are cheap rubbish, really!
ordered on 21 jan still not here what else can i say??never again!!!!!  must be walking it here fron hong kong!!
don't buy this piece of crap, i wonder how much money the company had made from this, selling something they knew wouldn't work
doesn't even charge my iphones and ipad don't even buy this waste and i wanted the extra long one bad
i ordered 2 of these. one of them worked fine and the other came apart the very first time i used it. poor quality
the cord for one doesnt even fit in my ipod touch and two once it did fit it didnt even work
bought it because it was cheap, and there we go, lasted one week. doesn't charge the phone, can't connect to the laptop for itunes, nothing.
bought this to charge my first gen ipad. however, when i plug it in the ipad says "charging not supported with this accessory". also   it took a month to show up.
can't rate it because it won't fit my iphone 4. not worth sending back. learned my lesson. took a month to get here but for the price that didn't bother me. but now that it doesn't fit the phone it does.
does not fit my iphone 4.  cheaply and poorly constructed.  i was really duped by this sale and do not recommend others buying this item except directly from apple.
i only used it 5 times and it broke. it just stopped working. save your money and buy a real one from apple, they're worth the money.
it broke quicker than i could have ever imagined. it's only buck so it's not worth my time to deal with a return.
the item does not work properly and i can't charge my phone. now i have to go buy another charger!
the product is very cheap, but it is not reliable. the connection started to loose after 2 weeks use. don't waste your money to buy this product.
this cord does not work at all.  i ordered several for family members and they all had to be trashed
this particular item had great reviews so i purchased it but it didn't even last me a month. so i'm pretty glad it was so cheap besides that i wudnt purchase again.
what a piece of junk   yeah, it may be only a buck, but do you really want to be out of a usable charging cord again?absolute trash   do not waste your time and money (not to mention the headache).
bought three.none charge my iphone 3g.  what else is there to say? they were so cheap, but i think i will return them anyway.
these are weak and very poorly made. you would be better off if you spent a little more money and purchased a more expensive cable it would be worth your time and money to do so.
the cable failed shortly after it was received. could not be recognized by any usb device. very poor quality product.
the cable works for charging, but if you want to output video, buy a true oem cable this one only has 4 pins in it for data and power. this is not an oem cable.
it doesn't work after 4 days. it works just when i turn my cellphone off and then plug it??i do not recommend it
took a chance on this deal. worked for one week. got what i paid for i guess. lesson learned. avoid this product even for this price.
when i use this cable, i get an error that my device is not compatible with itunes. i don't get that error when i use apple cable. don't waste your time and money. the apple store says it might damage your phone.
didn't work for my iphone 4s :(i had to look for another one. i went to apple store and the representative told me that my iphone warrenty covers for replacement for my original broken charger! got new one for free 
i have never seen a charging cable catch fire until today.  i plugged this $1.00 cable in to my $600 ipad and a puff of smoke came out of the connector.  got lucky   no damage was done.
i bought a lot of 4, hoping at least one would work. unfortunately none of them worked. for 73 cents i'm not too concerned, but i would recommend not buying these.
worked for only couple of days and next thing you know it is not charging anymore.  very poor quality and not happy with it.
i bought 4 cables and all stopped working within a month. they might have made some mistake in production (they god the product to look good but something is not properly done).
super cheap, but it stopped working about a week after receiving it in the mail.  so pretty much a waste of money.  avoid.
waste of money.
when i recieved it.it had a sortage in it from day one now it just dont work and im very disappointed
it didnt even work! i tried to charge it so many times, but it didn't even work once. don't get this!
the cord started coming apart at the ends within days of purchase, which is why i was replacing my old one to begin with. seems like we apple users are doomed to pay exorbitant prices for genuine products, or suffer the consequences.
i plugged it into my iphone and it said &#34;charging is not accepted with this accessory&#34; i'm happy it was only 2 dollars, but it was a huge waste of money.
worked one time, then never again.  complete waste of money.
i wanted to give this no stars but couldn't. i bought four because it was so cheap. it actually never worked. i eventually threw them all away and had to buy new ones.  don't buy this product.
the cable was hard to plug in to the phone and it didn't charge at times. i would have to plug it in and unplug it over and over until it decides to start charging. within a few days the charger stopped working completely.
it took a month to get here and when i received it it didn't even work for my iphone 4. i wanted to return it but didn't want to spend an additional month or two to get back. very disappointed and wouldn't recommend.
this cable is very cheap (in price and in construction).it came apart before i even used it once.also, it only works with my i touch sometimes.i have to mess with the now, exposed wiring and push and pull until it makes contact.keep your dollar!
this product and service was a big disappointment doesn't work and representatives said we will replace and refund your money both were lies the products that i received here on amazon aren't worth the time and money don't waste your time
i hated itthis product does not work at all with the i pad, got a few of them and wasted my money.
thought the price was great, they don't fit right in my phone, used the charger once and it broke, not happy.
connector housing is substandard, pulled apart on first use, broke completely (wires separated from connector) on second use.  this product is so awful it really shouldn't be sold on amazon.
i got these cables at first and for the first 2 weeks they started to rip and the wires started to short out and now i've went through all 3 cables i ordered save your $$ and buy original
this product is terrible. its either playing $1 for something that does'nt work or playing $20 for something that does. absolutely ridiculous.
did not work!
i was supposed to receive two of them which is what i paid for and only got one! just as well. piece of crap didn't even work. it's now laying where ever solid waste is stored in central florida!
i bought this to connect my phone to the computer. it says there is a device, but it is unreadable. therefore, it is worthless.
at first it worked, but then after a few days it just stopped charging the phone. i wouldn't buy it again.
this cable actually lasted my about 3 and half months i didn't mistreat this as i already know they are very sensitive, i use to have the actual apple cable and the usb part actually bend. this one seemed to stop connecting to the ipod itself.
stop working about a month later.  not even worth the cheap price.  please do not buy this product. not worth it!
does not charge my ipad.  the connection fits but the product only worked one day.
wasting money to buy! it does not fix either iphone or ipad. not recommend as a substitute for the apple product
the usb cord did not work it won't charge at all it didn't charge for even a second so don't buy this product because u will lose your money
i ordered two and one of them stopped working after i had just opened it  .  plugged it in and it charged for about 1 minute and stopped working
very disappointed and sorry that i wasted my money on these cables. don't throw your money away on this product.
have purchased four and all of them stop working they spit at the end of the cord,one the plug can apart
this usb charger works if you charge your ipod  or iphone through a wall charger. however, i had issues with synching my iphone and itouch on my itunes.
noting much to it, the cable is cheap, didn't quite fit my iphone at first, eventually i got it plugged in then after the first charge the connector broke off exposing all the wites inside connecting to the iphone.
i have ordered multiple cables and they all stopped working after about 1 month.you have to buy the orignal cable.
broke after first use. base of non usb end completely detached from the plug and wiring snapped off. this was 15 seconds of usage. it did actually connect to my iphone, though.
it just didn't work and got stuck in my iphone. and it just all around sucked it didn't even register with my computer. don't waste your time with this because of the price there are better on this site with faster shipping.
the product was shipped fast, but in two months the usb cable stopped working!the charger is still working, but the main reason i ordered this was because of usb cables since it can be used with car charger too.
it works once only   after that it did not work at all   what could you expect for 66 cents?
do not buy this cord.cheap. it broke within the first couple weeks of having it.broke at the neck of cord.
i tried to use this to charge my iphone 4s, but it doesn't work! don't waste your time or money.or your phone!
i posted my photos of the cable that had muck all over it.  can't believe i bought this as "new."  the vendor is definitely not apple.
di not last for 2 weeks. i was happy to purchase it for a good price but the product is obviously not a good quality.
recently bought 2 of these cables.used for iphone 4. both of em didn't work after 2 weeks.the phone charges only when the cable is in a specific position.
i recieved this cord and thought it would do okay. it broke within 4 days of having it, the white binding came off after two days exposing the wires then broke 2 days later. when contacted i never got a response back!
my charger was broken and i have no idea of how to get my money back or a new one things like this makes me not wanna order ever again
i just bought itand it is not working with computer or plug chargerdon't buy it save your money!!!!!!
i hate that cause that not oreginal ipod dock. i just hate that also i am getting so jealous cause i waste alot money for that. :(
the charger does work but it literally takes 5 6 hours to fully charge my iphone. i usually exit all apps and make sure the phone is in sleep mode but it still takes forever to charge. i gues it is true, &#34;you get what you pay for.&#34;
this is not apple product. i bought two usb cables, one worked and the other one never worked. i compared the cables with the cable that came with iphone, and saw these the docs are wider and the pins are not smoth. bad product and not apple product at all.
it worked good a couple days but then it was uncharging my phone and broke fast very cheap wire so not a good buy.
it wasn't even a week before the cord stopped working. i thought it was just my phone, but it didn't charge anyone's phone by computer or wall adapter.
this product worked 1 day and then never worked again. i would not recommend this as a good purchase its worth just saving the headache and buying from apple.
broke the day after i got it. and only worked with myitouch and not my iphone 4. worst money i ever spent
cords were very poor they broke within in two days, i ordered 10 of them. do not order these they are not good quality
realized this was not an genie product.beginning was ok, but gradually not functioning.highly recommend to buy apple genuine parts.
i got this one day ago and its already broken.       it sucks. my phone won't charge anymore!! sooo mad
.  i only had it for a few days and thus this is not good.  but for the price i did get to charge with it so ok
very poor quality product.  stopped working after 2 weeks.  don't buy! . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
unless you plug this in quite right (not fully inserting into phone or pc) it does not begin charging. and even after it begins charging it never fully charges to 100%. it gets between a 60 and 70% charge and then stops. i do not recommend this charger.
since i have received these, all but one has gone bad, one never worked, which is why i give it a 1 star, enough said.
it came right on time. but the second day, it just stopped working! a huge disappointment. then again it was only a dollar so i didn't expect good quality
the product is very poor quality, not able to use due to deffective connections that do not fit nto  iphone.
all badafter purchase, for the first time in a week anhamu behavior.wiring and connectors are separated. it is very weak.the way you're using, charging precocious death is sudden
i am very unhappy that the first time i used my new cord it fell apart. pluged it in worked perfect tried to unplug it from my phone and the connecto came out from the wire leaving it stuck in my phone
item broke on first usage. the part of the cord that goes into the iphone detached from the cord. terrible quality.
crappy product!!! awful, just awful!!! worked for less than 2 wks.don't waste a token on this product. cable has a really bad short in the connection, beeping constantly and if it works it will take forever to get a fulll charge.
junk. barely fits in phone. already broke in  7 days. not anything near oem quality. do not buy this product.
omg the quality is so bad. i was pretty disappointed! i think i will never buy this product again. &#128532;&#128532;
it will not charge in either of my chargers i had to trouble shoot to see if it was the car charger or the cord.  it was the cord.
at first the cord was working fine but then it just completely stopped working. nothing was ripped, cut, or broken. so it was pretty much a waste of money.
i bought 2 of these and they both stopped working within about a month. i didn't spend a lot of money but obviously something is wrong with them.
purchased the wall charger and it does not charge at all. the phone doesn't respond when it is plugged in at all. very dissatisfied.
these cables are really awful at best.  they fall apart when unplugging from the ipod.  don't be fooled into thinking you'll get one that will last.  these are extremely fragile.  do yourself a favor and pass on this product.
do not buy this! it does not even charge anything after the first day!!!if you buy this you will be greatly disappointed
you get what you pay for. plug in and phone says not comparable with charger?  junk. bought some at convenient store for $1. save your time and excitement about saving here. don't
none of them worked i orderd 9.  threw them in recycle.  i wont waste money on them again.
this is the worst item to spend your money on. i bought mine a few weeks ago and it already broke. it is the biggest piece of junk ever! i wouldn't even use it as a door stop or slight paper weight! it sucks
still waiting over a month for the cable to arrive. they must be custom making this cable? not worth the wait&#62;
doesn't work!!!!! will not charge my iphone or ipad it's junk! don't waste your money on this, there's a reason it's cheap!
this stopped charging after only 2 days of use. i bought a higher priced charger and it works fine. you get what you pay for.
my sync and charging cables do not work at all. when i hook the cables up they all tell me they don't support my device. i was very dissappointed.
cheap cable, housing is very flimsy and breaks off and solder joints on usb end is horrible, dont buy this cable
this is a piece of junk. it fell apart in a week. i would not want one of these if i received it for free.go get yourself a genuine apple cable. you'll thank me later.
did not charge nor was the programing compatible to be able to read from device.  did not understand till i resurched the lack of quality control and aftermarket maurfacturing failers. they must have gotten a bad batch and did not test.
i knew it when i purchased it. this review is super old as well, but i bought this cable to have a second but it never worked. i'd always purchase things like these from the apple store itself.
if you are looking for this to charge and transfer it will not charge just transfers.  i was under the impression it was just like apple charges but it's not at all, does not charge.
it was crap they all fell apart and won't charge my phone or ipads it was a waste of money
i don't know why a wire would stop working after 3 days.  i know you get what you pay for but.
do not buy! i purchased 6 of these. 1 was defective out of the box, 2 stopped working after a few weeks, and the other 3 held on a bit longer but eventually quit on me as well. this is more chinese crappy product. don't west your time or money.
when i unplugged this for the first time it came apart. i paid cheap i got cheap. not even worth the time to comment
i am 80 years old, and you would think i would know better, by now.  this worked less than one month and it's kaput!!!!!
i researched for over and hour to get a charging cable to use with my iphone 3gs and my daughter's ipod.  this one never worked at all, right out of the package.  do not purchase!
absolutely terrible. bought in march and its completely useless now. upside its cheap. downside is its junk. i guess if you bought them in bulk you could make a jumprope when they wore out.
i've had the charger for 2 weeks and it broke already. it was fine at first then all of a sudden it just stopped working
poor mis repentisation of product shoddy and poorly put together does not work. says charging accessory not supported by iphone 3gs im pissed. i will never buy from these people again i do not reccommend
this cord fell apart within about two weeks and stopped working. the sheathing that attaches to the hub that goes into the iphone started to peel back and then it would no longer charge.
this was a waste of $$ and time. i had this product for about 2 weeks and it stop working.
the cable didn't work. when i informed the seller they graciously sent me another at no costs. after 2 uses, this second cable also chose to no longer want to work as advertised. at this point i gave up and went to walmart.
i bought this cord at a great price but with in a week it broke and i had to go buy another one.
did not work. dock plug is so tight i can barely fit it into my ipod. failed to charge or sync.
these cables will not charge your iphone or ipad.  they work for syncing, but not charging.  amazon should not allow this seller to rip people off like this.  i should have read the reviews first.  lesson learned.
i bought two of these and within the month the head had come loose from the wire cover exposing the wires.  basically fell apart and stopped working. i went to monoprice and got some iphone cables for just as cheap but they were very high quality.
i received two of these and neither of them work with two of the phones in my house. it might be due to compatibility, or they might be junk. either way, i'd be better off at the drugstore down the street.
stopped working after 2nd day. price of crap. i wouldn't even give it one star, it took forever to come in.
product looked promising. quality feels good, however, did not work right out of box. not too bummed, it was cheap. i'm just disappointed.
horrible didn't even work when i got the product. plugged it in and got no power at all plus it felt like it wasn't even assembled right.
it doesn't work like the power cord that i normally get from apple. my phone doesn't stay charged and it doesn't charge if i'm talking on the phone or surfing the net.
it broke on the first use. not a good quality item. terrible substitution. threw it right away but should have saved and returned.
this charger will work for a few months or maybe just one month, then it will stop working, this my second time buying it, good luck
i second what everyone else has been saying.  when i tried to plug this in to my dell computer, it froze both my keyboard and my mouse input.stay away, don't buy this product.  it's not up to standard.
every time i use it gives me a caution screen its a headache when you order something and don't get what you expect
got it a few weeks ago already broken. it took longer to get the wire than i was able to use the wire.
never could charge my ipod because this wouldn't fit. i would not recommend this hope no one else had this problem.
it took several weeks to recieve this crap from hong kong and they did'nt work   they make for great landfill
one out of the two i ordered worked but cheep is what i payed for would not by it agean
this cable does not fit into my iphone 4 properly, it gets stuck on one side. when i pushed it a little harder, it went in however it did not charge or sync my phone. so use at your risk
why does my iphone's screen, home button, and power button stop functioning when i plug it in using this cable?  as soon as i unplug it, full functionality is restored.  i generously donated it to the landfill.  save your money.
i bought several of these and most of them don't work at all or last about a day before they go south.  font waste your time or your money in these.
ordered 3 of these and they all had the rectangular head connector (original apple usb has an oval head) which does not work with the otterbox case.
it didn't work once! tried it everywhere and it did nothing. just threw it away right out of the box!
kind of mad. plus there cheap 2nd one i had to buy they dont last at all what so ever.
ordered 2 of these that worked most of the time with my iphone 3gs, so i ordered 4 more for office, workbench area, bedroom, etc, and none of them worked at all. "charging not supported with this device"   message for all 4 for any attempted use.
went to use the charger immediately after it arrived, as soon as i plugged the sync cable in, it broke and the metal piece got stuck in the phone itself. spare yourself the pocket change and save up for a reliable one!
i ordered this because it said it was the extended cord but it's the short cord still!i am not happy with this at all
i could tell it was used. there knicks all over it, and i'm not happy! doesn't even work, it works, off and on. you have to hold the chord a certain way. piece of crap! don't buy it!!!!!!!!!
i haven't even gotten it!! just send my friggin cable!i just want my charger. now. that would be friggin great.
i paid for 3 new chargers and only received one. and the one i did get doesn't even work good. i have to hold the cord a certain way to keep a charge. waste of money!!!!!!
the charger was broken within a week. thanks. i was expecting it to last a little bit longer than that.
this cord worked for about three days. i am super disappointed with it. this has total waste of time ordering this item.
theses were an excellent price but you get what you pay for not long after purchasing and using theses they split at the connector
the cable doesn't work at all. the return policy is unreasonable because it takes 4 weeks to ship from asia, and the return policy requires you to ask for a return before four weeks elapse.
it looks like an original charger, but definitely doesn't work for the 5th generation nano. looks durable, and would probably be great for older generation ipods. but for $1.44 with free shipping, not really that much of a loss.
they brook to easily and fast, at times would not charge phone or ipod or will do so in a slow rate
piece of crap only charges for a day. a day! and it gets stuck to the phone, so it breaks
i have a mac and a an ipod and when tried to connect the two via this wire it would not work. i didn't bother returning because it was only like a dollar
even for the price, this cable didn't even last a week. the casing detached from the ends the first time i used it. i've ordered other cheap cables and they lasted just fine. i'd take a pass on this one.
this cord does not fit the apple products it is advertised as fitting.  don't buy it.  another lesson: if the price seems too good to be true, there's a reason for it.
the cord seperated the second time i tried to unplug my phone. they need to look at how apple builds there's and see how to improve there product.
this came pretty fast, however i only used it 4 times before it stopped working. but you get what y
broke the first time i used it dont get blah blah blah blah dont get it cheap but not worth it
don't even bother wasting your money, these only worked for about a week.  you get what you pay for so pay more for the real thing instead of the cheap knock offs.
these were super cheap, so i picked up 6 since the kids are always losing theirs.they all ended up faulty over a short period of time.charging takes longer than the ones from apple and will stop charging altogether if the device is moved slightly.i would avoid.
here is the other part of a package deal. supposed to come with the cables and usb port the only thing i received is the usb port. last time i will order on amazon!
i purchased a few of these cables. the first one never worked out of the package. the 2nd one worked for about a month and has stopped working. do not waste your time or money on this junk.
its not a charger what so ever. its not how its described and not what i was looking for at all.
as others have reported, after just a few uses, the insulation separated from the connector and then the wires broke.  very cheaply made, don't waste your time.
it does or did connect my iphone to a computer or to the wall charger. however, the product broke after only two weeks of gentle use. it is too cheaply made to be worth the cost.
you got what you pay for. got the inexpensive wires to fin that will not work with my ipad 2. i use it for other devices but did not work for what i purchased for.
during to charge on iphone and ipod touch 4, it stopped frequentlyhave to pull it out then plug init totally can't be use on transfer data to the computer.
the apple products keep give a message they this is not compatible with the phone. may work for a day before  it gave me the same message.
i'm upset, i never got the two that i ordered!!! can you please look into my orders, unfortunately i deleted my emails so yes that's my fault, but i've never had a problem of not recieving my orders!
the charger came apart after only 1 week of using it.  it was not made well at all.  not satisfied.
first of all it took forever to get the cable. and when i got it it didn't work!!!! very upset.
it didn't last more than nine months. cheap product. don't buy it. if you do i recommend that you buy a couple because you are going to need it.
just got this item, after waiting for it to be shipped from hong kong.  it is only 8 inches long, not 45.  anybody need an 8" charging cable?
does not work with iphone4. does work with iphone3. decription clearly states that it is compatible. not worth shipping back. i ordered 4 of these. oh well.
this only worked once.  save your dollar and buy it from somewhere else that will work.  good luck if you decided to buy this one.  i am surprized amazon lets this get sold when it is so junky.
do not recommend this cable.  shipped from china, does not properly fit the iphone; very hard to install without case, cannot install with lifeproof case.  not even worth the low price, i should have known better.
i receive the &iacute;tem but doesnt work, when i connect to the iphone it s recognize the decide but doesnt charge. i am feel very bad because i pa&iacute;d for nothing
the first time we used the wires when going to unplug them the wires came apart.  very unsatisfied with this purchase.  will not be purchasing any more.
the charger jams inside the phone . and the cord was loose and i had to tape the cord in position or my iphone says " this charger is not compatible " . i don't recommend this product !
ipod cord was very cheaply made. pieces were loose. broke as soon as i went to use it. do not buy
i didn't even get out of the box before it broke i could not even use it onces i mean if you want to give your money away then its great!
it didnt really work that wele sometimeit says it like doesnt work for charging the ipod. but it does work sometimes
had the cord 3 days. on the third day i grabbed it to unhook from my phone and the thing fell apart in my hand. the plastic snapped off. i then pulled the cord and it detached from the plug. waste of money even if it was cheap.
item doesn't work for charging iphone 4s, you pay cheap and you get exactly what  you paid for waste .
they do not work, they wont charge any of my apple products. i have tried both of them and i get the same thing
i got this for my daughter but it only worked once and hasn't worked right after that. so she wasn't happy about it cause we had to get yet another one.
i have to replace these cords more often than i care to admit, so i was really tempted by this thing too. but it's not worth it; it doesn't work. go for a better one. do not buy.
bought to take on a trip and opened it up to no charging.the cable was poorly connected to the charging insert.do not buy!
they broke within 24 hrs of using.i just wanted them to charge my iphone.i did not subject them to any hard use !!!amazon should ban them from selling on their site !!!!!!!!!! it seems quite a few agree with me !!!!!
it only worked for a few days. i had hoped for more but thats what you get for paying under $1.00
i bought from ccceaccessories for 1 penny. i guess you get what you pay for. fell apart after only one week of minimal use. bought this has a 3rd spare cable for fiancee, it broke very quickly.
this is certainly one of those cases where you get what you pay for.  the cable stopped charging after a few weeks.  dont buy this!
well i assumed that the price was to good, i was hoping that i would get a cable that worked  more then once but unfortunately once was all i got.
lasted less than 3 weeks and took forever for me to receive it never again would i buy this product it was the cheapest quality
the item i received is completely faulty. i am totally disappointed. the cable did not work at all. sad misrepresentation. it only lessens my trust in online shopping.
i got the cord within like a 2 weeks of ordering and i plugged it into my computer and it broke when i pulled it out of the computer. waste of a dollar. dont do it.
i had the cable for less then a week and the plastic casing is starting to come away from the part that you put into your phone exposing the wires underneath.
this charger worked for approximately 2 days and now will not work on any of our iphones of ipods!!  very disappointed.you get what you pay for!!!!
horrible. item  it broke my charging thing inside. my ipod and  now it doesn't. work due. to the cheap product
i used it 2 times.  both times i was careful to be very gentle with it because of the reviews i've read about it easly breaking.  unfortunately, despite my care, it broke the 2nd time i used it.
bought this for my girlfriend and it only lasted about a week and then i had to order her another, this time i ordered it from monoprice.
it doesn't work with my iphone 3gs. i wish i could return it, but i paid so little for it, it just doesn't matter. won't even register on my phone as charging.
it will connect to my 30gb ipod video for about 2 seconds then disconnects. very disappointed. it won't even charge it.
i waited one month and my charger went on fire in 3 days, really bad this is a really bad product
the charger cable broke after i used it for the 3rd time. it's true you get what you pay for.
this product won't charge my iphone 4 i keep getting a notification every time i plug my phone in with this product
i was unable to connect my iphone to my laptop/car stereo/power source after two days.  the iphone does not register that the cable is connected.  a fine example of the purchaser getting what they paid for.  buyer beware!
maybe 5 10 uses and it's broke. can't see a reason to buy this ever again. worthless. cheap. 3 more words required.
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone. i have an iphone 4s and it doesn't work. very cheap product, you get what you paid for.
when i first got this charger it worked just fine and charged my phone really fast . however it quickly got a shortage and stopped working not even a week after it arrived.
i was skeptical because i read some not so great reviews.  it works to charge and to sync. i take good care of my cords so i do not anticipate any issues.april 2014. i ordered another one and it doesn't work at all.
i bought 2 and was really excited to get them, they ended up coming in late, waited a month for them. on top of that, they don't even work! horrible!
don't waste your money!!! i don't know what i expected, but this went directly in the trash. terrible.  terrible.  terrible.
i bought this to save money. i bought six wires so i wouldn't  have to keep buying more when they brake, and it's been less than a month and three of them are not working. this is not a good buy.
i had it for a few weeks and the plastic part of the wire broke.i would not recommend it.
i guess i should have expected it for $1.66!!! but i thought it would be working at least for a little while. but came in and it didn't charge at all. threw it away. not worth my time to even return it!!
this didn't last at all i don't recommend this product awful if you want a charger get in the store
i don't even want to give it 1 star. ordered in january and still not received my cable. it's coming from china and i might not get it until mid march
this particular brand didn't last but about a month.  try to find another brand.  most of these are good though.
i ordered two of these, the first one worked for about a week.  the second i just tried and it didn't work at all.  this is my second time trying from the overseas source and i'm done and will try and find something more reliable locally.
i know it was cheap but i was hoping it wold work at least a couple of times. didn't work right out of the box.
i orders 4 of these cables but 2 didn't work! watch out for items shipped from hong kong. it may be hard or a hassle to return them!
the insulation around the usb plug slid away exposing the individual wires inside the second day i used it. it still works but if the wires are moved then it disconnects my phone. i strongly recommend against this product!
i bought 3 of these and only 1 worked. took forever to get here. thank god they didn't cost a lot.
this cable stopped working after two weeks of use. it doesn't charge my iphone anymore and my computer doesn't detect the iphone when the cable is plugged into a usb port.
cheap but you get what you pay for. i wasn't rough with the cords or anything they just started falling apart.
this cable does not charge the iphone. i just get an error. waste of money. do not buy this cable
another perfect example of cheap chinese junk. i received said power cable, plugged it in, and it did not work. and on top of all that, it also smells funny. don't buy this item!! it's chinese junk! your $0.69 isn't worth it!
i bought this cord to be a spare for my ipod but when i plugged it into my computer nothing happened.  this cord did not work for my ipod nano.
i was not happy with this charging cable. it lasted about a week and then stopped working. glad it was only a dollar!
this cord died on me in less then two weeks. i guess you get what you pay for. will not order again.
it was slow to charge and it stopped working out of no where. this was not a good product at all.
i feel like it worked for only a day.it hasn't worked since. does my charger need a charger? it didn't do it's job :/
it's already broken.  i just received it about two weeks ago and where the cord connect to the main elements, the cord tubing has broken off and the electrical cords are showing.ugh.
unfortunately, i have not received my order therefore, i can't say much about the product. i can say that it has been so long i can't even recall off  hand when exactly i placed my order. i'm not sure i have the patience to order again.
it didn't work! my phone was at 27% so i put it on the charger i walked a way 30 mins later came back and it was only at 35%! don't waste your dollar on this
apparently not an authentic apple cable and it is useless.  it charged my phone just fine for about one week and then stopped charging. i tested my phone with other cables and it charges ok so clearly this cable is defective.
i purchaced this product.  it worked thre days or so.  then a device not recognized. i swapped the cable with a coworkers who was dumb enough to leave their new cable behind.  god forgive me for pasing the buck,b ut this thing sucks.
i knew that at $.95 (including shipping)  that this cable was a knock off, but i expected that it would at least work.  the connection end that goes into the phone would not fit.  completely unuseable.
the iphone end was extremely hard to plug in(there was a little plastic mixed to the metal part). quality is really bad:(
a month after purchase (and infrequent uses), this cable already has frayed wires and no longer works.trust the bad reviews; buy at your own risk!
device defective upon arrival. never worked to charge my iphone. went to walmart to get a charger. guess it's best to do that.
these chargers do not work with either my iphone 3gs or my iphone4 through a usb port.  they do work if pluged into a wall jack though, so not a complete waste of money.
it sucks! i purchased 4 chargers on 01/10/2012 and it is not yet delivered.don't ever buy it. wasting time.my previous phone charger was broken and i bought it because it was cheap.i cannot charge my phone because it is not arriving.
junk. avoid avoid avoid avoid, i hate it, cheap feeling, gotta stay away from this, spend the extra cash for a good one
after weeks of waiting for this product, i used one and it fell apart as i was pulling it out of my phone.
this charger works poorly its horrible it keeps cutting off ill leave it in there for an hour and itll stay the same while a normal charger will probably go up to a hundred so tell me why is this product so horrible?!
i had only had the charging cable for maybe 2 weeks. i was charging my phone and when i went to unplug the cable, half of it stayed in my phone and the other half broke off. i am highly disappointed in this product.
after using it for about ten minutes it would say my ipod was fully charged and stop charging, never fully charging my ipod. after about a week it stopped working. buy a different cable unless you feel lucky.
it broke two weeks after i got it. it's a don't get it.the end of it that goes in phone broke.
not the correct wires does not fit in an iphone with out breaking the charging port cost me 500 bucks for a new iphone was not happy
don't buy this item. i had to force it into my iphone in order for it to fit and when i attempted to take out the charger, it broke. very disappointed. don't ever buy this item ever!!!!!!!
i plugged the product into my iphone 4 immediately after receiving it.  when i attempted to remove the cable, it came apart, leaving pieces stuck in the dock connector of the iphone.  inferior build quality in my case.  buyer beware.
this is absolutely piece of crap!! i used it for few months but it stopped working.i was thinking it was my connector that had problem when it stopped charging. so i checked different connectors,computers but nothing worked!so i ended up ordering another one.this is a rip off!! do not buy!!
cord does not work.will not charge ipod.junk junk  do not buy this cord.i bought one more it will not lock in the ipod
it doesn't even fit in my phone. it's worthless and not worth the time and effort it would take to send it back
computer (both pc and mac) does not recognize device when it's plugged in. tried on ipod 5th generation (video), ipod touch, iphone 4, and iphone 4s. also, does not work when connected to wall charger.
i purchased two cables.  both look good, but both connectors snags on some interal part of my iphone and ipod classic.  i am not going to risk breaking the connector on my apple devices.  must be a bad lot of cables.
bought it in sep. 2011.  then it can't work in jan. 2012!!! (bought from importer520).it totally waste money!!! do not buy it!
it is also useless in syncing my ipad.  what a waste of even the small amount of money!  don't be fooled like i was.
it worked when we got it, but it quickly just stopped working.  we replaced it with another one we already had, and threw this one in the trash.
broke the first time i tried using it.  the dock connector end got stuck in my ipod touch, almost damaging the ipod itself, plus the cord immediately separated from the connector.  do not buy this item!
purchased item based on some reviews but apparently the ones i received did not work.  returned all 3 since none of them worked on my 3g or 3gs.
terrible i bought 7 all broke terrible booo beware dont but this item broke i bought 7 not woth it at all boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo i give a negative
i received the product on time but it is of no use from the first day.none of the iphone versions worked with this cable. its no use to buy this product.
the sync and charging cable quit working in less than a week.  it arrived quickly and was inexpensive so it was worth a try, but it didn't work.
this was a good price but when i tried to use it to charge my ipad this morning i got the not compatible message.  at least it was only $1.
this cord did not work for the iphone 4s the first day i got it , it worked a little then after that it just stopped
obviously they're not apple made. and sadly the cords are horribly made. i thought i was saving money but no.
iphone end plug does not properly engage. it is difficult to unplug from the phone making fear that it may damage the phone
do not work with apple products!  the devices know they were not made by apple certified and the device actually tells you on the display.
worked for 2 days. better off going to apple store and pay full price. i guess u pay for what you get
i was amazed that this product shipped from china and still sold for under $2. but then i got it and found it would not work with my iphone   the connection to my iphone was not right.
don't buy they are shit,,,,,,, one failure could happen,,,,, both failing means they are shit,  more cheap chinese crap, beware
it is 100% not a real apple cable. it takes forever to ship from all the way back china to us. please do not buy this for a waste of money.
the wires were shorted before i got to use it and the plastic or rubber ripped or broke in a day.
this does not work at all.it falls apart and can ruin your charging connection on your iphone. do not, do not do not purchase this item.
it didnt work at all. but at least i only paid 95 cents. i guess you get what you pay for.
first, it took forever to get here.moreover, the product was defective. it did not connect properly to my iphone 4s. it did not fit quite right and caused my phone to seizure.
i received this charger pretty fast! it worked for only 1 week and them it stoped charging my phone. when i connect it to my phone it shows like if its charging but it never does.
don' t waste your money this. the saying goes if its to true to be good it probably is. don't waste your money on a generic cable. it literally broke the second day i had it. without even being rough to it.
i would give this negative stars if i could. i ordered three cables because they were cheap and i was in need of them not one worked!!!! save yourself the hassle and spend a little more money on a better cable.
the cables don't work; they don't sync an iphone with computer or even charge battery. got a full refund. junk.
from yesteryday, i have officially placed the order one month ago. for an item this small, i guess it's not so much a big deal. however, i have yet to receive it.
i think the title says it all.  i bought two of these so i could have one at home and one for travel.  they don't work.
it is too slow shipping and the release thereof, went missing
it was broke when i got it so i'm wondering if i can get something else because i'm selling my ipone 3g
i tried multiple times with multiple bases and these cords would not charge the phone.  i have filed a complaint, but the issue has not been resolved yet.
not too happy with this. the quality is cheap (you can tell when you receive it), and 2/3 computers had issues connecting to this (would always disconnect and reconnect again). no idea why anyone would make something like this, no matter how cheap the price is. useless.
the materials and design are not nearly as durable as the ones that come with your phone. these are delicate and easily broken. i ordered 2 and 1 didn't work at all.
this cable is not recognized by my ipad1 for charging.  for whatever reason! price was great and delivery was fast. i ordered several cables but did not check them all.
really cheap quality i honestly would not recommend you to buy it because it fell apart easily after a couple days
this is a very slow company.  it has been over a month and i still have not received the product that i order.
junk. only worked for a week. it is a knockoff piece of garbage. do not waste you time. this review has more value than this product
unfortunately, my iphone doesn't charge with this cable.
bought two cables. one of them is too big to fit into an ipad, and one of them successfully charges. a 50% ratio of getting a working one for me.edit: it charged for probably a good 10 minutes and went dead. this is definitely not worth buying nor waiting.
i bought this product, the part that plugs into phone doesn't even fit i phone 4s.  don't buy waste of money.
i bought two of these plugs, one didn't even fit because it was so terrible and the other gets jammed in there, i'm always scared i'll mess up my phone with this cable and i can't afford to purchase an actual apple branded cable that is actually going to work.
it arrived on time and the packiging was decent but every time i try and use it, it will say that its not compatible with the device so its a nice idea but nothing more than a paper weight.
the life of this product is very short.  while it worked it was fine, but it only worked for a couple of months.
looked like it was connected properly, but only intermittently worked for a day or two  and then not at all.  bought three and tried on two different devices.  not good connections.
broke apart the second day i had it. i guess i got what i paid for to bad for me.
i hate it it stopped working about a week after receiving it i was very disappointed in iti wouldnt buy it again
do not buy this product. it broke the next day!! the charger would not go into my iphone easily!! do not buy
the usb worked for only one week, then a message appear on my phone that it is not compatible. i am very suspicious. is it possible that information on my phone was scanned?
it stopped working it won't charge my iphone and keep displaying a message that says that is not the right accessory to charge my phone.a waste of money !!
when i receive the pakage i was so happy i plug in my ipod and charge it  fo a whole day andit didn't charge my ipod.
within a few weeks it doesn't work anymore. i would understand if it was being used by my kids but this is used by only me. it was cheap, but that's what i got. wouldn't buy another one.
horrible product, usb cable works maybe once if your lucky.and they are supposed to be brand new! what a joke
the cables do not work with my ipad, and it was an overall bad buy.hopefully i could find one that would work.
it didn't even work for my iphone 3gs. the description lies. i was not at all satisfied. it charges for a few minutes and then says that the charge is not supported by this device. don't buy it
a week after i bought this cable the cord came out of the plug in to the iphone.  don't fill out the feedback until you've used the product for a little while.
i bought two of these cables and they dont work at all.i would give them zero stars if i could and i'm not even going to bother to return it.
worked at first, now i've got nothing.  get what you pay for.  don't quite know what else to say.  if i'd spent more money, maybe i'd track down the refund or warranty info.
worked for one day stay away!
these cables are cheap and often cause your phone to disconnect while syncing/charging. this also leads to running down the battery more quickly. not worth the few bucks you save over a better cable (imagine having to replace your iphone's battery after 13 months, like me).
these cords are cheap and break as soon as you use them!  i bought 4 and already all 4 are broken. all of the wires came loose. very cheap item!  you get what you pay for.
you get what you pay for i guess. i unplugged it from my ipod and the crumby thing fell apart.
when i bought this cord , it stop working within a week of owning it.i ended up going to a apple store and buying a new one
the title says it all. this charger lasted me about a week before the plastic started to come off and devices wouldn't detect it.
this pos feel apart when i connected it to my ipod! don't waste your money on this. look for a better brand.
bad quality. the quality sucks. after one use it fell apart. oh well, i guess i'm getting what i paid for.
i bought this cable from  item44less and it will not work with an ipod touch or iphone.  a pure piece of junk.
i rate this so low becuase i never got my money or the product.  i have waited a few months for it to get here
poor product, cheaply made,  fell apart in one week, would not recommend this product to anyone. i guess it true about what you pay for is what you get.
it has been over 3 months and i have still not received my order. they haven't responded to my emails, either. beware. and now it is too late to file the a to z guarantee. ahhhhh
it does not fit iphone 4  like it said.  (or maybe anything for that matter )
does not work.  initially it did, but no longer will.  i assume this is a knock off of apple products, not the real deal.  very disappointed.
this ipod/iphone cord only works sometimes. i recommend spending a little more for one which is guaranteed to work all the time.
fell apart after first use!!! don't buy, even if it's cheap. why would you give them money for nothing at all!!!
i had this cord for about a week and it already doesnt work well with my computer waste of money
i got just what i ordered.  it was cheap and it did not work.  i keep it around as a reminder of what cheap means!
this was definitely not a good buy. i don't know what i was thinking. it charged my phone slower than ever, and that could be damaging to the phone. certainly very cheap but not worth it!
i used this in my car and it broke after the third use.  you get what you pay for i guess
it broke after i used it only two times, and took like 3 weeks to get it. get what you pay for
cord should be at least 1 m long, not 12&#34;. even a good price doesnt save this bad product. and when you call the company  it's &#34;oh we're sorry   it's out of stock   thats why we sent the short ones.&#34;
do not buy this. it is not apple certified. pay more and get a real cord. my dad burnt up the drive in his iphone using non apple certified cords, so don't risk it.
i was better off buying the true product from the apple store in stead. total waste of money. won't connect with many things and the stuff it does connect with it won't keep the charge going for long. awful!
this cord broke only after a few short months of using it! if you want a cord that lasts do not buy this product
the cable does not work for the ipad.  it did work for the iphone 4s. not sure if this is my fault or if description was not accurate.
this product look exactly like the iphone charger but it does not work.  i tried using with different plugs but it keeps on saying " this product is not supported".  it was cheap so i purchased 3 of them, but it was a waste of $3.
it broke after we purchased it. came apart when plugged it in to the device. it broke soon after purchase.
i pluged this into my iphone and the cord started smoking and melted!!! these are made really cheaply and i would not suggest my dog buy them!
this cables are terrible. they didn't use much care when wiring the contact points. the wires themselves are very thin with no protection, so unless you got lucky and it actually worked out of the packaging make sure you never move the cable or roll it up.
i ordered  3 of these. they took 2 months to arrive and they don't work. ipod has been plugged in overnight and still has zero battery charge. don't waste your time.
these things are terrible! at least the ones i got from "itemsforless". the cord pulled out at the phone end.come on amazon get these "sellers" off the web site! it's getting as bad as e bay.
doesn't fit our 4, 4s or ipad. motto big by just a hair, waste of two bucks. i'd rather buy the fifteen dollar iphone one than wait 4wks for this junk.
i waited 28 days for these cables to ship from china, and they do not work, they just make my phone go beep! beep! beep! beep! i am incredibly angry. it's literally garbage.
i guess you get what you pay for. it took 6 weeks to arrive as advertised but it only worked for about 4 weeks. it won't power my device anymoreand i think there are some loose wires inside at the base of the 40 pin head and the cable.
the items did not work at all my husband used the car changer for the iphone 5 and it burn, i used the usb to charge my ipod and charger is not workin try also with my ipad.
don't buy just save your time & get the apple one! this oriongadgets sync & charge usb cable for apple iphone 4 (white) fell apart the second day i got it. definitely cheaply made not even close to the quality of the apple ones!
papapa no me a llegado este cable usb de ipod que lio esta pagina se esta da&ntilde;ando con esto vendedore malechore
cable that arrived was only one inch long! what were you thinking.  ultimately a longer replacement was received. two words to complete your minimum.what a waste of my time.
after few usage, it no longer works, can't transfer data or charge my device. don't waste your money with this.
the cables were so inexpensive, they were worth a try.  they sync just fine (ipad, itouch).  they don't allow charging.  and the connector on the idevice side doesn't fit well.
doesn't work at all. defected. don't buy it. its not worth it. it should be free cuz it doesn't work.
cable barely works!  charging is very slow and transferring data is slower. find a different product or just buy apple.
did not like it as i did not used the usb charger more then 15 days and it is already spoilt :(
it worked for about a month and then stopped.  pretty much worthless.  but for the price, what did i expect?
the item arrived and looked exactly like it should have, but when i tested it, the wiring was faulty, did not work, and started heating and emitting a strong chemical/melting plastic smell.
i was very gentle with it. i pulled it out of my phone, and, just like that, it was broken in two.
i've had the cord for three weeks tops and it already doesn't work. the cord looks like it's in great shape too.
i was very disappointed in this product. it did not work when plugged into my computer or an outlet. waste of money.
i waited almost 2 months for this product and when i finally got it, it didn't even work. the worst dollar ever spent. :(
no it felt too tight does not charge don't recommend anyone to buy waste of money just but it somewhere else
i don't recommend this item because, once i opened the package, the item was completely damaged.  the wire was out of place and the usb never worked.
my imac, ipad and iphone reject it. i have tried to use it on all my apple stuff, but they don't recognize it
the cord became dysfunctional after 5 days of use.  i am returning and ordering a new one elsewhere.  the cord is also much longer than the original.
decided to take a chance since i was desperate and low on cash.big mistake. you get what you pay for.actually, mine didn't even work once. i could've bought a few mcdoubles with that money. go buy something that works, or better yet, some cheeseburgers.   sambo
i just got the item and it broke within 2 mins. it tells me it is not compatible with iphone!!!
this fell apart within minutes of receiving it. the cord shredded when i pulled on it and i had to use pliars to get it out of my phone.
doesn't work to charge my ipad and is sketchy when it comes to charging my phones. sometimes it works sometimes it does not. don't waste your money. pay a little more for something that works
i have been using my ipod (80gb) for eight years, and today it is dead after i plugged in this usb charging cable. lessons learned. will not buy cheap usb cable anymore.
this is an awful quality productit was useful for 3 days and then it just stop working done buy it
it was good for about a week, then it just stopped working. a popup would say that charging is not accepted by this device.
this product worked fine and after two days stopped working.  terrible cable. i wish i could get my money back!
doesn't work. period. i requested a refund and received no response. the cord looks fine, but won't connect my phone with my computer, the outlet, anything.
the ipod couldn't decide whether it was plugged in or not, bouncing back and forth every few seconds in every usb port i tried, until the ipod froze without charging.
i purchased this and this never worked.did not even fit on the iphone charging port.please stop selling iphone cable charges that don't work.
my son broke our apple chargers and i thought i was getting a great deal for these. you get what you pay for. i bought 2 chargers and neither of them lasted long.
i purchased this for an iphone 4.it doesn't work for the iphone 4! waste of my money. the description of the product was horrible.
these cables are horrible.  they worked only on some devices and for a week on others.  i will never buy this brand again.
this product i do not recommend because it does not charge fast and broke the first week that i used it
i pay it, but i never get this ipod cable and im still waiting for it.not cool.i know its not expensive .but i need it
i purchased around 10 of these for the whole family.  within a month, only a few still worked. i have been bying oem cables since.
not compatible with ipad. i used the cable to charge the ipad but i get a message that says that does not support charching!
it broke the next day right away. should have saved my money for the original one. you get what you paid for . ugh
the charging pin does not fit in the iphone 4s. i do not recommend this product from this vendor for anyone.
after using this usb cord for about two weeks it has stopped charging my ipad and iphone. i don't know how to fix it and i'm very upset.
within a few days of use, it quit charging my iphone 4 and syncing stopped working as well. not for new apple devices.
this does not work with either my iphone 3 or my ipad.  i do not recommend this item. it may work with ipod. i do not have one. i purchased it for my iphone.
this charger does not work i just got it in thee mail today pluged it in to 5 different devices and still doesnt work im now gonna get another one but not this kind.
charger feels really fake, can't expect more from what the price was but the charger didnt even charge my phone. i dont recommend unless you want to throw your money away.
thats what u get when u buy cheap stuff. i bought two, each worked once before the connector that hooks up to iphone broke. its week built no quality at all.
the charge cord arrived broken with the wiring exposed. what a hunk of junk. immediately returned. you get what you pay for, i guess.
this cable looks like the original one but:1. the message pops up on the screen 'changing is not supported with this accessory'2. i almost needed pliers to disconnect the cable from the phonebottom line: do not buy!
must have gotten cables from the bad vendor as some other reviewers are reporting.  i just bought 10 for cheap, but after a couple days of working, they all stop working.
bought 3, 1 came apart the minute i plugged it in, it wont transfer data on the 2nd one and 3rd one i only use to charge.  you get what you paid for.
yes, its very very cheap, so i thought what the hell ill just buy it. the cord only worked for about a week before it randomly stopped being able to charge my phone lol dont waste ur money, it takes like a month for shipping
the cords both where cheaply made and came apart after one day so beware of these cords they came apart from the part connects to the ipod touch.
it doesn't work at all  the first week worked well, but few weeks later it doesnt work at all.it is garbage
dont buy these!!! they will work four around 3 weeks and then boom out of the blue they will start to not work or do anything
doesn't fit my iphone 4s by maybe 1/32 of inch to large. fits my daughter's iphone 3gs, so i gave it to her.  supplier is checking with manufacturer to determine problem.
this product is cheaply made. don't bother and spend a few more dollars. fell apart a first touch. a waste of time and hassle to return for a buck.
if it seems too good to be true, it probably is!!  these cables were crushed when they arrived and although i could bend them back, they are very hard to get them to charge a device.
charger does not work not worth the dollar i paid! when plugged in says not connected then charges for a few minutes and runs the charger box hot.
dont buy this crap.trust me.this thing is a piece of crap, i bought bunch of them, all broke in 3 weeks.
it's been well over a month now and i still do not have my purchase, i am extremely disappointed. i will never purchase from this person again.
it didn't last me a whole month.it doesn't charge any more at all. i will need to buy another one.
very poor quality, no work at all!!!!!! not even the first time charge my phone. it looks like orinal stuff but very bad product quality
i recieved my charger used it for about 3 days & the wires already exposed & coming out. the thing doesnt even charge anymore. its too flimsy not made well at all.
i will never buy another cord from any of the sellers.they break or just don't work from the start.  some claim to be apple certified but none are!
this will work with my iphone 4, but not with my ipad it won't charge and it won't connect data. this was an experiment on my part to try to save money not buying an actual apple product and i'm now smarted and on my way to the apple store.
the product lacked  quality and lasted less than a month before breaking i hoped that that it would last longer
it is cheap and looks okay. but it does not work at all. after i connected my iphone with my pc, a notice "usb device not recognized".
product is defective.does not fit iphone.i purchased a while ago (as a spare) and did not try it immediately. when i did try it the cable does not fit my iphone.do not buy!
after i used it for 3 days, it didn't work anymore. the charger wouldn't even charge on the phone. and the cable came with scratches.
this item arrived with a shortage in the crop and is not currently work do to the fact that the wire are not connect to the based anymore. is there anyway to get another cored and a alot faster ?
as soon as i got this delivered to me, i tried plugging it on my ipod.it felt very tight on my ipod, but it was charging and syncing fine.it broke as i tried to unplug this.
i bought 5 and they were all in the trash within 3 weeks.  they also do not work with ipad's.
i have not received the parts. when are they going to get to me? there is already a charge on the credit card statement but no parts. what is going on?gerry shroff
i bought this because it said it was compatible with the iphone 4. after using it a few times, it started saying not compatible but still charged it sometime. recently stopped working all together. i guess it was to cheap to be good. the people are vey nice though.
did not work and they r cheap quality i threw them away asapi wuld rate it zero stars sorry
took few weeks for delivery and after a week of usage all 3 usb chargers stopped working. they all eneded up in the garbage since i couldn't get them to work no more.felt pretty disapointed.
i bought this hoping to have an extra cord, it worked perfectly the first month and now it won't do anything, won't even register that its plugged in, but my other cord works just fine on it
i bought 4 of these.not one of them worked!!!! i didn't contact the buyer, i figured the odds were against me when 0 out of 4 worked. i didn't see the point!! you get what you pay for most of the time!!!
this product alone worked for the first two days then it stop charging my i pad. and it is in prefect condition still
i thought it would work on any ipod product. i wasn't able to use them because they didn't fit my ipod touch 4th generation.
it took 2 months to get here . it doesn'tcharge my iphone. it's useless. waste of time and money.
the cord took almost a month to get to me and then when i finally did get it, it did not work!! i guess you get what you pay for
ordered five of these. not a single one worked.  the company never responded to email inquiries.  avoid at all costs.
this don't fit my 4s at all, this was a waste of my money, so if you are thinking about buying please think twice.
i pourcased this item andit will not work withiphone. i contactedsupplier and was told that it was not for iphone. no alternate offer to correct problem. i feel as though i was ripped off.
so i bought this product so long ago and i never had to worry about getting one because i shared with my roommate but i wanted mine. ok so after reviewing my amazon orders one time i just realized i have not gotten this product. very cheap to be true.
i had bought this product in january, it is now february and it never came.try to buy it some other way. i bought it because i though it was pretty cheaponly costing 78 cents but it never came.
this item did not work! had a hard trouble to even get it into my iphone, not helpful at all
it said "compatible with apple iphone" which is a complete lie. this cable will charge my ipod but not the iphone 3gs. waste of money, beware!
these may look like ipod/iphone/ipad chords but they do not fit the plug of the component.  not even close, the end is to large!!
horrible .don't waste your time buying this cheap crap .i has to shove it in so i could charge my phone and it got stuck inside my phone.
i ordered 4 of these. just never wanted to search the house when i needed one.now i search for the one that works. this is garbage. good luck to you.
this item will not charge my iphone and it will not sync with my computer so i can receive my down loads for my phone! i am very disappointed.
i only got the ipad cable i didn't receive this one! i totally forgot about this one.  i knew something was missing but didn't realize or remember what it was until i got this email.
simply put, the cable broke in 5 seconds.literally. i put it in, try to take it out and the plastic casing came off exposing the wire cables underneath. this was after a slight struggle to fit it in in the first place! cheapest. thing. ever.
cheap knock off brand! do not buy! wont charge or transfer data on ipod touch 3rd gen. learned my lesson don't buy apple products because the are proprietary!
i have bought sever adapters for my iphone.  none of them have worked.  i suggest the buyer beware and just go to a phone store and buy the adapter.
plugged it in to an apple wall charger, and it started shimmering, then smoking, and then fire.should've known that nothing good should be expected from a 75 cent piece of junk.
i have had this charger for about two weeks and its already breaking. :( i keep it at work and never move it from my desk. :(
these did not even work with my phone when i plugged it into my computer or my charger. complete waste of money. don't waste yours, look elsewhere
i rarely used it to begin with, but now it just won't even charge or work at all.  it's very frustrating.
i purchased this item on jan 7th, 2012 and it is now feb 18th 2012 and i still have not recvd this item. very disappointed and will not purchase anything else from this company.
i haven't even received the product yet how can i review it! it's been over a month and nothing yet. i would love to say its great but can't until i get it!
let me be clear that this seller was amazing.  this product was and is garbage. they malfunction after a few uses to a couple weeks.  just get the actual apple cord and you'll be happier with that!
these cables do not allow ipod to sync properly. all three of the cables i got do not work when using to sync.
i received two of these cables less than a week ago from the seller boho tronics. both are already coming apart, and are no longer functional after one full charge each.this is the second time i've been burned buying generic cables, so shame on me, i suppose.
i ordered two of these cables so i could keep one in my car and plug my phone into my stereo, and the cable doesn't even work in my car unless it's placed a certain way . i'm very disappointed in my purchase .
the item received was not the item shown in the picture.it does not work with my ipad and ipod touch. i think it is waste of money.
it only worked one time. after plugging it up and it charging once, it has not worked again, no matter what i try.
this product exactly looks  likes a real usb charging cable !!!!??? the only difference is &#34; it is not working at all&#34;.
like many reviews have already said, this charger does not work. it doesn't even plug into the phone. poor quality. don't bother buying.
thie cable is horrible. it works sometime and some times not. even when it is working it takes forever to charge the phone. i need my money back. it is peice of junk.
i got this charger and only the wall plug in part worked and of course without the charging cable it's useless.
absolute, total, utter, complete, junk. purchased several. one doa, second overloaded usb port, third frayed in two weeks. taking a minute so you do not make the same mistake i did and buy this.
not a perfect fitting, but works.
this cable doesn't even enter the charging slot on the phone. that's a few bucks down the drain. 1 star is too much for this product.
i bought 2 to thinking i would use one for my ipod touch and iphone but it was a terrible decision. the first hour it charged only 20% and that was the fastest it has ever charged. also the material is so cheap. don't buy this!
this charger was a very cheep product but for it to not even work the first day i got it makes me pretty mad.
the cord broke within one week. it was almost on fire and up in smoke! it could be dangerous, be careful!!
this cord charges at a very slow rate & will not charge if you use your phone while it is plugged in. after about 2 months the cord stopped charging my phone altogether. i would not recommend this product to anyone, waste of time and money.
very low quality cables
i got the item and plugged it into my ipod and it broke on first use. the wires were showing and i was shocked by the quality. it is cheap and not worth buying. although the seller was nice enough to agreed to refund without returning product.
don't buy this! the cable gets stuck in the iphone and damages it when you try to remove it. this is cheap and doesnt fit   not worth it.
i had it for about a week or two and it stopped working.$4 wasted for shipping     just get a charger at your local swap meet
i have purchased this usb cable last month, and it is broken already.  i can't believe i have only use it less than one month!  poor quality !!!!!!!!!!!! spend more money to buy a better one!
the cord would not charge up my phone. i tried to contact the retailer and they did not respond. if it wasn't so creap i would've been completely upset but hey you get what you pay for.
this item broke right where the wiring connects to the usb in i'd say little under 2 days, not good quality would not buy this cord again.
just a very bad quality but for the price what can you expect , next time i'll get a better one lol
very disappointing. it doesn't fit properly, and you have to push it really hard to connect it to your iphone/ipad. it doesn't charge ipad.
still haven't received this order placed over a month ago. i would give less than one star if i could.
the cable stopped working after a week. i would never recommend it to anyone. total waste of time and money.
this is totally bad. it does not worth any penny. it broke just 2 weeks after i received it. please don't buy this one.
i ordered 2 cords when i got them i could tell they were cheapt and could tell a difference between my apple cord and these cords. the problem i had was one didn't even fit and the other fix with a little force but didn't charge
well, i had high hopes for this charging cable. it was used for maybe a week. and it started to break at the usb end, so the wire is exposed. it's cheap enough, but you get what you pay for.
i guess i got what i paid for because it fell apart after using it twice. spend the extra money & get a brand name charger that won't fall apart.
this broke after 1 use. ripped apart when i took it out of my ipod. u get what u pay for.
the product did not work.  it was dead out of the package.  no really, it did not work.  the product did not work.  it was dead out of the package.
it broke within 3 days.  wouldn't charge the iphone,  the usb end broke within 3 days ans i had to got to walmart and buy one.
i finally tried to use the cord to charge my ipod but it didnt work.  very strange. if i only have the other usb plugged in it works until i plug this cord in too.
it's white and clean, in sealed packet, but did not work with ipod. i bought 2 for $3 (shipping included), both are in the garbage now. will spend another $10 now to purchase the amazon basics which everyone seems to be having good experience with.
works for a day then sounds like it shorting out and wont charge.  do not get this.  terrible product. ugh
this was the stupidest thing i have ever bought. the plug was literally unglued when i opened it and it took forever to get. it didn't fit and i had to throw it away. sucky
lasted for a few weeks until the wires started to show off , few days later, stopped working. save up and get the authentic one instead of wasting your money.
it is missing two ground conductors. my ipad will not charge. my ipod battery wont hold the charge. seems like it is causing damage.
bought two of these because they were very inexpensive.  well, you get what you pay for.  neither cable worked, one damaged a product i plugged it into.
every one of these that i got has stopped working within a couple weeks or less.they are cheap, so i guess you get what you pay for.i've managed to find quality cables at similar prices before though, so this was a disappointment.
this will not charge my iphone 3gs or allow data transfer.  beware of purchasing non apple equipment    it's hit or miss.
i have ordered many off brand cables and had good luck but these ones were crap. i order 5 and within a month they were all non functional. i will never order from this company again, beware!
the cables i received could not be used with the ipod nano 4th gen nor ipod classic 6th gen. a waste of money.
this chord didn't work when i got it. i was very disappointed. it was hard to insert into the ipod, and it would not produce any charge when connected to a working usb port. the product was garbage.
sorry about this about a week ago and for some reason when i connected to my ipod it doesn't charge it as fast as the original charger. not good
shame on amazon for letting this go on   this is not an oem cable as described but a cheap knockoff shipped directly from china that charges my phone at a trickle rate and is a poor fit to the connector.
the cable is of very poor quality, served as two weeks, then stopped charging the phone and had qie be moving or seeing that you could upload form.would you recommend the product from my point of view, they can find better options.actually a bit disappointed with the product.
if i could give it a rating of 0 i would it is not worth it this charger doesn't even work when i *force* the charger in my iphone it still doesn't charge!!!!
i took a chance and bought it since it was cheap but it doesn't work at all and when i put on my computer it keeps saying there was an error so not a good purchase.
cheap product stopped working after 2 weeks. threw it away in the garbage. very upsetting. will not purchase again. nope
i purchased two of these cables and although they cosmetically both look good, they have some signal/electrical issue that prevents my iphone from connecting to my computer.
it did not fit when i tried to charge my phone, it was not an iphone charger but i thought it would still work but it did not. this thing sucks. does not work. do not get it.
fell apart in my hand when trying to disconnect it from the phone.save your money buy it somewhere but here.junk!!!
it has a ver bad quality, not smoothly plug into the cellphone, do not recommend to buy. dont' waste your money!!!!!!!!!!!
extremely upset. cable does not work at all in any port of my computer. still have to use old faulty cable to put music on my phone. disappointed
will not work to charge my ipad.  just shows up as &#34;not charging&#34;.
what the title says.i bought this thinking it would be a nice cable for my ipod touch, but it won't connect when i plug it into a usb port on my laptop or on a usb hub.
*bought it from the seller &#34;overfeel&#34;although it looks similar to an original apple cord, the cord itself feels gritty and cheap. this cord lasted me a month before one of the ends started to tear which revealed the wires and made the cord unable to charge my phone.
do not work on  my iphone or ipad.  junk. returning all six, would not recommend for purchase. not as advertised.
this cable does not work. it is not an apple cable. it will not charge my ipad or iphone.i have, play with and am relatively tech savvy with all idevices and macs, and i have tired very hard to make this work, but it doesn't.
i ordered this usb charging cable 2 weeks ago. i received it on time. but, 30 pin plug did not fit in on my iphone 4s port. megix has refunded the money now. am not unhappy about the experience. but, the product i got did not work.
this item was horrible and it broke the first three minutes i had it there is nothing i can say good about this product. i feel like they got me out of my money.
it does not work.  regardless of where i plug it in, the cable does not work.  hopefully you all can not ship cables that does not work to people.
this is a generic product that does not work!  it was cheap, so i didn't even bother with returning it back to amazon.  if you need a replacement cord, just buy the apple product or a product from a real store like target or best buy.
stay away.does not work. save your money and buy the brand name item.x x x x x x x
it was charging fine but once i try to remove it it broke part. it was poorly built and design.
do not buy! does not charge or pass data. should have just bought the five dollar cord and been happy. this sucks!
i purchaed 5 cables, none of them workdon't waste your moneyi spent $5 that could have been applied to a good quality cable
does not charge through computer or outlet.  basically just a cable to connect to itunes, without the charging!  buy a real one.
after one week of use the wires are already breaking away from the connector. the cable was only used in home and for over night charging.
i was looking for a quick replacement for my original cable and now this one that i've had for three months is starting to give me trouble already.
error: &#34;charging not supported with this accessory&#34;save your money, no reason to waste it on this.  tried it on: ipad 1 and iphone 4
i used it for one day then the end that plugs into the phone fell off its junk now can't even use it anymore also was second charging cord i had gotten an the first one wouldn't even charge the phone
cables don't work at all. not happy at all. flimsy and poor quality and easily come apart from connector too.
worked for 2 days and quit. seller not real helpful.i would never recommend this to anyone. all i can say is don't buy.
a cord that you connect to your computer to sync and charge your ipone or ipod. its cheap and stopped working
this item fried my iphone 4s charging port. also it didnt charge my ipad properly. thank god it didnt damage the ipad. they took forever to deliver too. buyer be warned.
never fully charges my ipad.  only gets it to about half way or 75% and then says not charging.  tried to unplug it and plug it back in but still won't charge any further.
broke within 5 min of opening the package.
it broke 3 days after receiving. what a terrible investment. should've known better smh. i suggest not purchasing here please
compatible with does not mean apple product. very disappointed in this item. does not work. well at all. d not purchase unless it is genuine apple
connection does not fit iphone properly.  does not have the end side release buttons. had hard time removing it once i was able to get it on. tossed it!
this cable would not work with my ipad 3rd gen. stated it was compatible, but it did not fit mine.
simply put, this will not charge my iphone. i am not sure why, but when i put it in my car charger adapter or wall charger adapter it will not work. i guess it's useless!
didnt work
the cord is not 6 feet long and the 30 pin connector does not fit into my phone.  this was a total waste.
bought three apple chargers cords and not one worked! they look just like the real thing but they definately are not.rubbish! but then so cheap!
do not purchase, get the original cable. i don't think this works like the original apple cable, and there's that annoying message that comes up and tells you that it's not original and may not charge properly.
defective doesnt work tried all plugs, conps, ipad, doesnt work, i got what i paid for .wouldnt buy again  sorry
2 days after receiving this i went to pull it out of my phone and the top ripped off. this is junk, don't buy.
it does not support for the iphone. i would not recommend anyone to buy this product.this seems like scam.i bought two of these cables, neither one is good.
worked for 1 day, then went out! thats why its so damn cheap! glad i didnt buy 5 i want my money back!
i bought ten of these and in less than one week half of them didnt work!!!  it is not worth the money
i thought i was going to get a decent usb it turns out that when i open the package the usb was pealed off i could see the wires.
the charging cables still havent arrived. and it's been well over 3 weeks so i going to have to give them some bad rattings
can i give this negative stars? on the plus side, it was $1, shipping included. on the minus side, it doesn't actually work. my ipad says "not charging" when i replace my current, frayed cord with this mismanufactured piece of junk. don't waste your money, it's a scam.
dont buy if you need these for ipads. also, since these are very similar to other cords that do work with ipads, its becaomes hard to distinguish between the 2
do not waste your money!!! these are junk not only do they take a few months to get to get to you they break immediately. do yourself a favor and spend a couple more dollars and save yourself some aggravation and time.
the connected end that plugs into the iphone detached from the wire after one use. it basically fell apart like a butterfly that's been dead for months
im very surprised something as simple as a cable could not function. phone registered it was charging but was completely dead the next morning after taking it off. had to use a old charger with a messed up release button. ordered another a bit more expensive
the charger cord stopped working within three months of getting it.  i emailed the seller, hoping to get a replacement or a refund, and they haven't responded after almost two weeks.  don't waste your time or money on this one.
charging time at least tripled.  that doesn't work when the phone dies.  i was disappointed and would recommend a different one.
didn't work at all i bought a second one to try to see if it was a fluke but that one didn't work at all either.
got the cable, plug it in, and.nothing. i gues some work and some don't, you take your chances i guess.
bought a few months ago and just got around to using one.  as soon as i plugged it in to my 12v car adapter it started smoking and burning.  glad it didn't mess up my phone.
after waiting a month for it cause i wasn't in desperate need for it the piece of s*** broke on me after the second time plugging my phone in.
terrible product  will not fit correctly the iphone  may ruin its slot. i had to toss the cable. amazon wants me to write more than 20 words, but that's pretty much it. disappointment!
this broke within the first two weeks of using it. it was only $2, so it would cost more to return it. but i will spend more money next time i need a usb~apple cord.
cord worked for a short period of time on and off.  then both ends got very hot and now it doesn't work.  cheap junk.  ordering from apple now.
i don't even want to give it one star. it doesn't fit my iphone so it is completely useless. scam.
i ordered to use with i phone, cords will not work. do not order this cord, not worth the cost.
does not work!!!
this product stopped working a week after purchasing it.  i was pumped that the price was so low but it was not worth it in the long run.  i would not recommend this product to a friend.
never came!!!!  no response from company!  wish i would have saved my money on this one!!!!!!! do not buy, save your money!
this did not fit my iphone 4s at all. it almost ruined my phone when i plugged it in the bottom. it attached in an odd way and took a long time to pull off my phone. horrible!!!
please do not buy!!! you know how they say &#34;you get what you pay for?&#34; well you get worse than that. never even worked. such an utter disappointment!
if there was a way to give a zero rating i would stopped working one week after i got it
plugged this usb cable to charge my iphone 4s and didn't work. plugged it into my macbook air and it didnt work.
i bought three of these items and all three were garbage. they didn't work. they were a waste of my money.
i bought 5 of them back in novber and they only lasted me till january all five broke but what can i expect from a cheap product
started coming apart at the iphone adapter end with less than 6 months of use.some argued for buying from this seller because of higher quality, but my experience suggests you might be better of purchasing several $2 cables    they might last just as long if not longer.
eventhough its only 96 cents. it took over a month to get to me. which is way too long. i purchased this same item for the same price from another user and it got here in 2 days.
plugged in, started charging. first time i tried to unplug it, the "head piece" broke in two and the wires tore. buyer beware.
the price is right the cable does not work with iphone or ipad.do not waste your time with this product / company
the usb sync cable i ordered does not fit my iphone 4s. i would not purchase these cables again from this company again.
this iphone cable charged and synced successfully at first, but completely died after about a week. it's not even worth $1
this was a total waste of money. the end of the plug that connects to the phone came apart from the wire. just slid right off. very crappy indeed.
the charger had a short in it and it wouldnt charge my phone. i guess i got what i paid for. the charger was only 0.90 cent.
as usual with these generic cords i get the charging is not supported by this accessory.  no wonder they are so cheap.
i got this one test not good to working.
too good to be true the cord broke within one week. the product looked authentic but it is not durable at all i'm very dissappointed.
went right intothe garbage.  knockoff would not chage at all. . . . will not be coming back again. .
literally the first time i plugged it in the connection broke off in my ipad.  seriously came apart and had to get pliers to dig it out.  i knew it was cheap and i was taking a chance, but wow!  never worked once.
not new/not as described.  this cord didn't even work and the wires were coming apart as well.  unfortunately it's not worth spending $$ on shipping to send it back.
purchased from cellular 5 star based on some of the other reviews here.  cable is not identical to original cable, only connects about half the time and cause me to brick my phone during an update.  should have spent a few more bucks on oem.
extremely disappointed.  good thing the cost was so little because it doesn't charge my ipad as advertised.  don't waste your money or your time ordering this item.  good example of getting what you pay for.
okay so i changed my comment on this. i thought my dad said it worked, but it didnt charge my dads phone. i really disaponted :/
ordered three of these cables.  first cable i tried broke apart at the connector plugged into the iphone.  i would not recommend this product to anyone.horrible horrible horrible
after a week of using this cord, the dock connector end kept separating from the wire.ultimately rendering it useless. you get what you pay for here.
i bought 5 of these at one time. two worked for a couple of months. one didn't work out of the bag and another had the plastic break on it within a month. save your time and get a better one.
i ordered 10 of these off of amazon they charge extremely slow , barely charge at all when trying to use a devise such as iphone or ipad . not pleased at all . waste of money!!!
the fit was just fine for the computer.but it did not fit the connection for my phone.  thankfully it was inexpensive, so i didn't waste much money
it didnt work unless i found the sweet spot and even then the hing didnt work, looks like someone scrubbed the cord with bleach to make it look new
didn't work came in broke not happy at all waste of money knew the deal was to good to be true
mediocre construction, one did not work at all the other one became &#34;unglued&#34; at connection and plastic, wires hanged out.
did not power my iphone at all, so is completely worthless.  the charging end broke off when trying to remove it from my cellphone.  waiting for a refund.
plugged into pc or wall, iphone is not dectected nor charges. price looks good however product not advisable for purchase. don't waste your money
this product is/was complete garbabe (i tossed it after two charges because it broke when i removed it from the unit   very poorly manufactured).  luckily it was only a buck but it still was a waste of a buck!
this usb charger does not fit an ipod, iphone 3g, iphone 3gs or iphone 4 that i tried. i guess you get what you pay for.
doesnt charge or sync to my computer. buy a real one that actually works instead of cheaping out on a piece of junk like this
i choose this rating because it sometimes works then it does not work and i need my ipod to charge.
order 3 of these things. they worked for like 2 days. 1 of them broke after i unplugged my phone. and the other 2 dont charge my  phone. i have at&t 3gs
it didn't last not even a week for me and it was over. it's cheaply made and slow to charge the phone.
bought two of these to go with my anker battery. when removing from the usb port, came completely apart. two cables, same problem. absolutely terrible. you get less than what you pay for with these.
it fell apart literallyit is no where near quality as originals work charger i have ever received period good day.
just get a real cable this one is very cheaply made and breaks easily. i guess you get what you pay for.
received cord not working. the item is too cheap to justify all the hassle of returning it. so basically i got ripped off.
i don't know why, but these cables will not charge my iphone 4    which is the main reason i bought them!  they'll sync, and they'll sync and charge an ipod classic    but the phone does not charge.
all sync cables are not created equal! this cable will not charge a gen 3 ipad. i bought three of these cables and non of them work.
this cable didn't last at all before it quit charging my phone at all, but  you get what you pay for
it don't work it short circuits every time.my ipod wont even connect to my computer because it can't read the connection between the two because the cord never worked
still waiting for my order. i haven't recived this order yet. very unsatisfied and still waiting for this product. it was ordered on jan. 4, 2012. what a waste of time sitting here waiting for these.
broke in a week.
cable is terrible, did not work at all. sounds too good to be true because it is.  i tried using the cable to charge my iphone 4 and nothing happened.
i can't write a review of the product because i never got the product.  "ships fron hong kong" apparently ships from mars.  save yourself some time and avoid the headaches, look somewhere else!
this only worked one time and never charged my phone after the one time use.  i was only able to use this one time and i was totally disappointed with this supplier since i had to wait almost a month to receive it.
it works only 5% of the time. most of the time it says its not capatiable with this device and won't charge. i'm very dissatisfied.
the charger is generic and didn't work, not surprised for $2. isn't even worth the time to send it back.
items broke after a couple of uses!
my girlfriend insisted on buying one of these because of the price, and it came completely broken. this was packaged manually so someone had to have knowingly packaged a broken product. this place is horrible.
cable didn't last 48 hrs wouldn't recommend to any one i just gave in and bought a real apple cable !!!
it does not charge ipad 2 3or iphone 3  dont buy it , it is a waste of money and time
took over 2 weeks to arrive, broke after 2 weeks of use.i guess &#34;you get what you pay for&#34;.
only worked for about 1 week before it quit charging smh cheap quality. just quit working out of no where, went to the apple store bought a real one and haven't had a problem since
i chose this rating because the item is not working anymore, we only used it for a few days and it just stoped working, it looks like something came loose inside where you connect it to the phone
first time i got it, it was not working. so the company was nice and sent another. however this new one was broken as well and fell apart within seconds.
broke after one week it was perfect then just stop working for no reason you should buy this at all
this product broke within 2 weeks of light use. it is very poorly made and should be avoided. the usb connector ripped off the cord when i attempted to disconnect my iphone.
ugh, these things didnt work on my original ipad, but they did work for my iphone 4. not worth the hassle.
these are much larger at the idevice end then the apple cable. they do not work with the iphone 4 bumper case. they are very poor quality the two that i got are both separating at the device end and the usb end.
when we got it didn't even work had to go out and buy a 14 dollar one from radio shack.
this cable didn't work with my i pad. you get what you pay for. it was dirt cheap. be careful about cheap. look for quality.
i got it and it didn't work!!!!!!!!!! i connected it and nothing happened! it says it doesn't recognize it at all
i ordered this and received it rather promptly. in about a week's time. which is ironically the exact amount of time it worked for. item is a complete waste & disappointment. definitely should have opted to spend more for what i assume would have been a better quality product.
this is junk!  it lasted less than five months.  now i am in the market for a new power cord.
this is not from apple, and you get exactly what you pay for.this failed in 3 months. thanks china!
this is not genuine, oem product.  it appears legitimate product, but the connector that goes into iphone is slightly larger than original.  this also does not charge the phone either.  i would recommend everyone not to purchase this product.  it may damage your iphone.
i buy this inexpensive stuff all the time but this was cheap too!  cable broke at connector on all 8 cords in under five uses each.  re labeling them disposable cables would be spot on!
the cord arrived right on time. then it made it exactly two minutes in use before breaking and revealing it had been hot glued together. i know it was inexpensive, but c'mon!!! now i'm stuck with the junk that's not worth the cost to ship back.
it charged my iphone 3gs like the first 10 times, then it wouldn't charge unless i fiddled with it.  finally it didn't charge at all, but what can you expect at the price it was listed for i guess.
this definitely not a oem cable, is very bad copy, poor construction, cheap materials and  as one might expect, does not work
they were fine for about one week and they stopped working completely. i bought the twp thinking they would work perfect for a long time, but both are now useless.
when i try tobrecharge my phone using this cable a recive a message the device its not compatible with the cable
this did not work for my phone. wouldn't charge! this cord is not supported and now it's just trash and a waste of time and took a month to receive.
we have bought these through amazon and absolutely fine but don't last long even ipod brand.my son waiting to use ipod,they arrive and neither lead(ordered 2) works at all. will be sending back. what a waste of time.  should,ve stuck with previous sellers.
do not purchase this product.  the quality is very low; the cord lasted just over a month before it stopped charging my phone.
it wasn't compatible with my old ipad 1 so i have to get another one. other than that i don't really know, i don't have any other apple devices.  :(
these cable are hard to put in your phone and hard to take out.  i will use only in an emergency.  i'm afraid i will destroy the pins in my phone.  not worth the time to return.
it works but i was disappointed that compared to the regular charger, it works extremely slow. i only use it when necessary.
well these cords broke both of them within 1 week of having them,the cord ripped right out from the plug,very disappointing!!
the cable does not work at all. doesn't work plugged into usb on computer or plugged into usb wall plug.
heat up my phoone felts like it was going to explode   dont even bother wasting your money not worst the time
it stopped working after 2 weeks, it tells me it is not compatible with my phone. worked for only about 1 week.
i gave this a low score because it didn't last very long when it quit working. i guess the company was more concerned with quantity than quality.
bought two usb cables.  thought i'd give it a whirl.  took a while to receive them, turns out neither of them work.don't waste your time and money.
&#34;charging is not supported with this accessory&#34; lmao, at least i only wasted a couple of bucks. time to stop cheaping out on these cables.
barely fit in my iphone 4s or ipad. scared to use them for fear of breaking my device. cheaply made.
i plugged my iphone 4s into two computers with this charger, and it was not recognized, and did not charge. when i tried other chargers, everything was fine, suggesting the problem was with the charger.
good for about 2 weeks then you will get no charge from them, save yourself the hassle and pay a little extra for real apple cables
it was broken before we opened it. looked like it was not finished properly, rushed production, very disappointed in this purchse
we ordered two. one doesn't even plug into ipad, iphone or ipod touch. one does work but won't charge the ipad. cheep crap don't buy.
better to throw your $1.50 into the street. these do not work at all with an ipad. they work once in a while with an ipod. they don't work at all on my iphone 4s.amazon should not allow these on the site.
worked great for about 2 weeks and then completely stopped working. it only works in certain positions and is very frustrating.
i bought the charger just a month ago. it already does not work. within a week, my phone kept displaying an error message that the accessory did not support my phone. now, it does not work. had to purchase a whole new charger for my phone. not worth buying!!!
it didn't work for my ipod. it worked for my moms iphone. the other cords and the plug i got did the same thing.
it was fine the first two weeks of use then now it stopped working my iphone does not recognize it anymore!
very bad.its not original and will damage u r iphone.its not fitting as smooth like original one.its damaged my iphone charging pins.i hate this product. spent 35$ for repair of my iphone.
this item was cheap broke in two days do not buy this product it is a waste of your money.
let me keep it simple. the charger didn't work at all. this was truly awaste of my time. no more buying chargers online for me.
started off strong. then it wouldn't work connected to my pc. soon after, it was no longer charging from outlets either.
ordered 3 only 2 worked
never worked i was disapointed from day one.waste of money.better to not go generic . sometimes it does pay to listen to your children.
i ordered two of these ipod cords for my son who is 13 and pretty careful with his stuff and both cords broke within the first few weeks, the ends of the cords came off.
it broke in one day.  the cord separated from the charging dock and that's all she wrote. you get what you pay for.
don't even work i hate this product it stop workin after 10mins ill never buy from this company again worst money spent its dont cost a lot for a good reason cause it beyond cheap
i didn't have this charger very long. it started falling apart and then the wires broke. would not recommend this specific product
plain and simple: it appears to be in brand new condition and yet it didn't work. there's not more to say.
item arrived quickly.  it looks sturdy, but will not sync or charge an ipod, as claimed in the technical details section, from any of my pc's. when plugged into a wall outlet adapter, a message appears that "charging is not supported with this device".
i ordered these because everyone in our office has an iphone.  they do not fit at all! it was a waste of our money!
these cables just weren't any good. using them with apple and dlo chargers and they don't always work. i bought some 6' cables that were the same price and they were a lot better.
the cord stopped working less than a month after i bought it. bought a colored cord at the same time from another buyer and the colored one works fine.
i bought two. one never worked and one didn't work after a week. they will not charge your iphone or ipad, don't waste your money. not even a couple bucks.  don't buy these!
the first time i used it, it broke!! it was cheap. i wouldn't buy it again not even for a dollar!
i ordered 10 usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone (white)  and none of the 10 work.  this is a rip off   do not order anything from this vendor!
it.s hard to rate it because i have not got it yet and i do not know what the hangup is i payed my bill but no cable yet.
dead as a doornail. never worked. not even once. its a dud. no bleep noise when you plug it in. no charging symbol. 100% dead.
this cable broke in the first week i had it.  the part that plugs in my phone disconnected from the cord!!
i bought this a week ago , the charging just stops after sometime , i have done extensive testing with my original cable and this one .dont recommend this one
i purchased this not too long ago   it has already stopped working! what's your time worth and need for dependability.?
stop working after a week. seem good at first but it was terrible get what you pay for i guess.
we ordered this chord in january and then learned about a long lead time.  something this simple should be a stock item.
i bought 2 usb cables, one of them fall apart when i try to plug it in my iphone. the price is cheap also the quality. so dont bother.
do not buy didn't even last a couple of weeks. i think i'm learning the hard way to stop buying these cheap cables.  i'm just going to have to go to the apple store and buy a quality one.
the quality of these fake apple iphone/ipad charging /usb cable are of poor quality. it doens;t fit in the back connector smoothly and i an afraid it might damage my expense items. i got attracted to the super low price but now i will have throw these cables away.
well it did arive on time, i used it once and it broke after that. just quit on me and wouldn't charge. very dissapointed in this product.
this cable will destroy your iphone battery. this happened to me. plus takes long time to charge the iphone. does not work good with iphone 4,4s
i guess i got my money's worth. item stopped working after 2 weeks of receiving it. hey it was only $0.02
the two i ordered. one did not work and the other was made so poorly that the metal connector did not fit very well.  not the best deal here
the cord works but barely. takes about double the time to charge my ipad than a usb from apple does.
it only lasted for a week and after that it just broke and didn't work at all. the 3 cables didn't last at least 2 weeks
they can be plugged in for hours and seem to be &#34;charging&#34; but never charge.  they have a weird fit into the phone too.  i was afraid it would hurt my phone.
i still have not received this item    which was purchased on jan. 11, 2012.  i wish i had known i was ordering from hong kong beforehand.  very unhappy.
it broke so easy.  the connection of the pin to the cord separated.  i taped it back on but it still doesn't stay together.  it does still charge just not sure for how much longer.
i ordered this for my ipod and it was slightly too big, it  didn't fit very well. it worked for about a month before it stopped charging or synching. i'm going with a better quality cord this time.
this charger sucks. it should not be sold to people. it does not work, false advertisement. i am highly disappointed. go through apple and buy your chargers, it's worth it.
we have waited almost 2 months for this product.  we will be glad to review it if it ever gets here!!
my cable broke after owning it for a couple of months. i guess you really do get what you pay for.
the cord doesn't work. at all, what so ever. big let down considering i wanted it to use in my car.
did not work at all.  waste of time and $ ordering this product. save yourself and stay away from this product!
don't waste your money on this charger. it doesn't even last a month. these people are definitely ripping people off! it's a piece of crap
it came bent.
all i wanted was an extra cable to charge my ipod touch 4.  it worked for a while, then it quit working.  not good.
horrible. worked for 2 days. i would not recommend this. sorry. i want to give it zero stars if i could.
the product arrived on time however it did not work and i ended up having to go to go buy an entire new charger set. very disappointed
it does not fit into my i phone. if you connect forcefully, you may spoil your i phone. do not buy this product
i bought this as a replacement for the cable that broke and iit doesn't even go in my ipod.so it was a waste of money and it took over a month to get here :(
it stop working after two days of using it .
bought quite a few of these because of the price but they dont always work. they will work for the first week then they stop working. or the ipod says it not compatable. poorly made
i was keeping it in my car, and used it on a daily basis.  the cord pulled apart where the phone plug connects to the rest.  it sort of worked for a while, and then it just snapped off and i threw it out.
this chargjng cable broke in 4 days i had it.  the usb charging cord is cheap it didnt even come fit right in my ipod the usb was glued in amd fell out. i do not recommend this item
i hate it!!! it is poor quality! it will only charge if it is plugged into my laptop.  not the wall most of the time.
the wiring seems to be pretty cheap   i had the connector detach from the main cable within a day or two of use, and i am pretty gentle with my electronics/accessories. annoying.
it broke almost immediately.  before that, it wouldn't charge anything.  just don't bother.  there's a reason it is this cheap, and it's called "being a piece of garbage."
it's my fault for being cheap, but don't spend the $1 on these usb charging cables. i bought two and neither of them work. as an aside, the company shipped the cables from hong kong really fast, much faster than the specified shipping time (which was like 2 months).
be a smart buyer.  i am super disappointed.  hard to give this product even one star.  again, be a smart buyer, and beware.
does not work. i would not recommend this product. i even tried using it with original charger but did not work.
it doesn't even charge it fully! it starts the charge but if you move the charger slightly, it'll stop charging!
bought from c and j accessories, i only used it for less than dozen times.  it broke after 30 days.
horrible cable, didnt work. at all! iphone kept going in and out. would give 0 stars if i could. smh!!!
sometimes it'll work, but sometimes i'll get a message on my iphone screen saying &#34;charging is not supported with this accessory.&#34;
i bought two of these for my iphone 4 and right out of the box neither worked.  i received the error "charging not supported by this device."  i was very disappointed with their customer service representative and policy.  i encourage you to purchase from another vendor.
defective ordered 3. 2 dont work already. extremely disappointed won t order this again. took almost a month to get here
does not work. i can not synch my ipod with this. i bought this as a back up to my original but still using the original since the new one doesn't work or fit properly.
did not work. it didn't sync or charge my ipod at all. it seemed like there was a short in the cord or something.
thing broke after 1 day. does not charge the phone! tried it on mutiple computers and even a usb car charger. does not work! i guess you get what you pay for!
i do not know what is wrong internally with these cables, but they just die within weeksof usage.  no cracks on the outside, i bet the apple connector is the one with badsoldering job.  will not buy these again.
enough said. broke after only 3 days of use. it was very weak and flimsy and the usb connection just tore off the plug. will not buy another one from here, ever.
this item was of poor quality!! i received it on a monday and it stopped working that sunday. you get what you pay for. not advised to purchase. waste of money.
i purchased this thru amazon on 6/23/13 and have yet to receive it (8/15/13)!!!  maybe bazos is right to buy the the wp since it's pretty evident he can't seem to manage amazon any longer!!!!!!!
purchased 4 of these and not a single one worked on either my iphone 3gs or ipod touch! a waste of money!!!!
i purchased 6 of these on sale because they were cheap.  now i know why.  exactly one of them actually connects my ipod touch to my mac.  all the other's are complete nulls.  don't buy this product unless you are looking to waste money.
got this in march. it's now may and the wires are exposed and it no longer charges. don't even bother.
this cable broke the first time i tried using it.  the broken piece was almost permanently stuck in my ipod.  not only that, but it took over a month to receive it.
the charger does not work, it says that it doesn't support my device. this really sucks i ended up purchasing another back up charger
this is the first time i ever brought an unofficial ipad charger. and i will never do it again . this product worked for like 6 charges. then just stop charging all together . i brought 2 and it is the same situation for both chargers. don't purchase
when i received the product and tried to use it it did not work. it was very very very disappointing
dont buy this piece of crap, becasue mine never came until i think 2 months later and when i tried it it couldnt sync with my itunes.
after about 3 uses, it got stuck in my phone and i almost broke my port trying to get it out. the plastic rim on the phone end of the cord fell apart in the process.
charger did not work with apple plug converter. it was the charger i tried everything (computer, converter, usb, real apple products) do not buy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i bought 6 of the cables and none of them would fit the plug on my apple 4s  and my wife's apple 4.  i was looking forward to getting them, but  they are worthless. to bad giving them 1 star is being to nice.
this cable took a very long time to arrive, and it broke on the second day. i plugged it into my wall charger and it wouldn't work unless i bent it at a certain angle.not even worth the dollar. do not buy
this was super bad.it didn't charge my ipod at all in fact none of my i devices.it actually scared me to plug it up because it made my ipod n ipad say weird things.
i use it a couple of time till it broke. they need make it where it last longer than it should.
when i plugged this cord into my iphone it became very hot. i unplugged it and did not use it because i was afraid it would mess up my phone.
everyone of these cables broke within a week.  these cables were cheap but not even worth the price i paid.
did not charge my phone. it stated it was not compatible when my phone. this was a useless product. i do not recommend.
it worked for the first three minutes, after that my iphone did not recognize the cable any more. i do not recommend it
bought 2 of these and my daughter said it has stopped working. i took a chance despite the poor review.
very dissatisfied with the purchase as it doesn't always work, you have to jiggle the cord sometimes, very frustrating! ugh!
it took a long time to get here and even shorter time to work. it worked maybe twice and now it has stopped working completely.not worth the trouble to return. do not buy
this product does not work at all.  waste of money. my next  charger will be an original not a &#34;generic&#34;.
i have the iphone 4s and an ipad.  this doesn't work to charge the ipad.  sometimes, it will charge the phone.  i have to unplug it and replug it a few times.
the reason the rating is so low, we still have not received this cable,  taking too long to have shipped out. ordered this product over a month ago today is 4/13/13 also paid for the product at the time of ordering.
in a week it already broke :( normal usage and didn't do anything rough to make it do so. need to be built better
this charger didn't even fit in my ipod.it came really late and i tried to track it and it wouldn't let me.
took 4 weeks for me to get the item and then it worked for less than 48 hours.
the wrong product was sent. i was sent earphones and for the price i would pay to send it bank and just hope i get the correct product the next time i'm better off spending a few more bucks and buying a legit one.
busted within a few weeks.the top just popped off.i was really disappointed. in the quality of this item it wasn't handled roughly whatsoever.
cheep gets you crap. the charger takes too long to charge and the battery drains faster. don't even bother. the plastic comes out if you pull it from the cord
it worked for about two weeks and then i started getting a message stating "charging not supported with this device". sometimes i could unplug it and plug it back in to fix the issue. but it doesn't always work.
i was not pleased with my purchase at all. i bought 3 of these and within a months time all 3 have broken.
this product is terrible. it is made poorly and didnt work after one week of use. do not buy this product!
the usb cable broke in the second day when i used it.  you get what you pay. bad quality. bad.
2 days after i received the item, it doesn't work. need to be very careful when plugging in and out!
broke after a week from when i got it. i guess you get what you pay for! it was dirt cheap, but did not last.
i understand i ordered a used data cable but come on people reality is i should be able to use this and not worry about it breaking a few days into having it
does not sync, does not charge, doesn't do a damn thing.  i have 32 gig iphone 3gs, cable is a waste o money!
it arrived a little earlier that i thought wish is good but it only lasted a week so therefore i believe it deserves i one star
they are super cheap and even if you use 1 a week (before it gives out on you) it is not worth the frustration.  don't bother with this cord.
doesn't work
it sucked it did its purpose but not for long. 1 cord snapped in half after using it to charge my phonethe other one didn't charge my phone at all
ordered the product back in early january.  i still have not yet received it.  web site should let you know when products will take this long to ship.ridiculous that it takes over 6 weeks to ship something like this.
this not only took forever to arrive but it does not work. i threw it in the garbage.  now i know why it was so cheap.
i figured for the price it was to good to be true and it was! got it and it didnt even work on an iphone or ipod.
stick wirh oem! apple is not that more expensive and works.  thought i wud save a couple of bucks. my bad
it started off fine, but after a couple weeks it would not allow my ipod classic to sync with itunes, then it broke all together. don't waste your time.
doesn't work with iphone 4g, bought three of them at once and none of them work at all.  better off buying from apple.
i am very careful and take care of my things but the first time i used the charger the wires started coming out, so i would recommend you look into buying something different. even if it is more expensive but worth it.
i order two of them on the 15th of july and never got them yet. can anybody tell me why it takes to long or tell me when i would be getting them
i bought 3 of it and all stopped working few hours after the first use. this is a really bad quality product
does not work!!!! don't buy. the product comes in a ziplock bag. it fits the ipad and iphone but does not charge.
don't waste your money. i bought it for $1, and i need to wait 40 days to have it. and you know what, it doesn't work. next time i'll never buy anything without reading country of orginal. no china or hongkong for sure :(
i purchased 4 identical iphone usb cables and none of them worked!! watch out for these guys, they are certainly not here for business!!!
i bought 10 cables. after 60 days, i have just 4 cables working and 2 charger. one of than, exploded in the wall.do not buy. there isn't mysterycheap prices means bad quality.luiz
i honestly don't feel safe using this cable, it makes my phone do some crazy things. right now my phone is vibrating non stop and i have to take it off the charger for it to work right. broke after a couple weeks. waste of money.
plugs in ok, a little tight, but will not charge. i didn't try to see if it would sink to my laptop.
this product did not work as a sync cable when plugged into my mac. it only worked as a charging cable when plugged into my iphone's ac charging port. i guess you get what you pay for, garbage.
i bought this cord on april 9th and needed a new cord because my last one broke. within less than a month, it began to come apart and by the 2nd week, the cord came apart completely.
the ends pulled off both cables within 2 weeks. very poor quality! not worth the small price i paid for it.
i got it for the first week and it broke when i was charging and the other one with the wall charger broke!
despite some mediocre reviews i chose this cord when my apple one died in late april.  it worked well until last night when it completely stopped working.  the price is too high for forty days of usage.
it doesnt worked at all and i had to throw it away. i just wasted my money on this charging wire
it says &#34;charging not supported with this accessory&#34;i would not recommend this product to anyone.it arrived very late.
this cable didn't work. there was a bad smell when i try ti charge. my iphone heated up so much.
i hated it when i first received it was already broken a little but i didn't care. later that night it broke and got stuck in my phone and i had to take it out myself.
the product was terrible. the charger didn't fit in my phone. so therefore, i was unable to charge my phone with it.
broke about as soon as i got it . didnt drop it or anything . just stopped working after plugging it in .
the cord separated within a week and broke in my laptop. this cord isn't worth what i paid for it!
this item will not charge my iphone in under a day. it's  crappy charger. if it didn't cost me more than the i paid for the item to ship back, i would. piece of crap/
i would not buy, my daughters broke on 2nd day!!! no good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!just spend the $ and get one with warranty
it stopped working after a few months.  my genuine apple cord and belkin brand cord have been working fine for nearly 3 years.
i am completely dissatisfied, angry, sad, and more, because i have over a month to order this product and have not received it, if i had known it was a long time i had not ordered, they do not excuse my greetings.
i bought it because it was cheap, and as it is made aout of cheap materials, it broke in less than a month
bad material used 4  times and no working any more you gone need 1000 of this for 1 year lol
does not work properly, it very cheap and sometimes does not recognize the phone,i wouldnt buy it again. very cheap
never buying it again.
the usb cords were faulty and fell apart within the first week of using them. my iphone would give me a notice saying that the charger wasn't compatible with it. they were crappy, glad i only paid like 3 dollars for them.
it's hit or miss with these. i ordered two both do not charge my ipad! ordered over a year ago and those ones were fine. it's a quality control factor and i won't be ordering them from here again.
it doesn't fit my ipad its to big. i will never order apple products again from this company.nevernever
i hate this product, first of all my ipad charges very slow. second, the cable began ripping after 3 days.
when i used it the first time it got stuck in my phone . and i had to struggle pulling it out
i ordered 5 cables and 4 did'nt work and 1 worked for 2 hours. i have tried different phones and i pads and they dont work. i had tried these before from this supplier and forgot that the same thing happened before.
terrible, cheap product. didn't work the second i got it. cord is flimsy as can be. you pay for what you get.
broke the next day after  i got. don't buy it, it's waste of time and money. scam scam scam scam!!!!
product does not work. when contacting supplier i was told it was my unit, their product was good. i puchased five, my friends tried them, did not work on their unit either.
don't buy this product.because the plastic housing melted at the adapter. i do not recommend to buy this product. it's cheap but bad quality.
it worked for 2 days then it wouldn't charge anymore. waste of $$$. spend a little more & get one that works. guess you get what you pay for.
i ordered five of these cable hoping that at least one of them would work. all five of the cables i received would not sync my 3gs iphone with my computer. i can use the cable to charge my phone.that is all.  they're going back to the seller.
worked for only 2 days def a waste of my time avoid this you def would be upset smh  .
this cable took a long time to arrive. though it looks identical to an apple cable, the quality is not there. when using it, sometimes my iphone or ipad won't receive any charge at all. i've stopped using it, and learned that sometimes, you get what you pay for.
none of these cables work. i ordered three and not one worked with either iphone 3gs, iphone 4, or 4s and ipad. stay away. if it is to good to be true it probably is.
bought two of these chargers and neither of them work. says it works with apple iphones, but apparently i dont have one even though my otterbox and phone says apple lol. waste of money!
these would only load once and then never work again and it took forever to receive them in the mail.  they came from hong kong?
this product did not work, was very unhappy with it and would not recommend this to anyhone in the future
doesn't last long, fits in you're apple product backwards i guess you pay for what you get the cost was super cheap so the product was too
doesn't work at all but for $1.97 i guess u cant expect much.do not expect this to replace ur old cord, it wont
broke after one use. even if it were free, wouldn't be worth the effort of clicking on it. whoever made this should be ashamed they're making money off of trash.
i wish i could write a review on this products performance but i still haven't received it. the price was cheap enough but can't get it to use it.
sucks broke in a week.i got to use it for five days than righyt after that the usb part broke into two.     
this product has zero value since, it charged my iphone at first much slowly than the original charger and within a couple of months completely lost its function and did not charge the phone. never worked with the car adapter.
this cord is the correct size, shape and color. however this cord does not work. i've tried it on 2 iphones and an itouch. do not buy this product.
you definitely get what you pay for.  works for the most part, but if you spend more on the actual cord you are going to get a much more reliable product.
i purchased 4 of these just over 60 days ago. well within the 60 days all 4 have died and stopped working. extremely cheap and not worth it. i should have listened to all the reviews. good thing i only wasted $4.
stopped working a few weeks after i received it. wish i never bought this usb cable it was not worth a dollar.
the connection between the wire and plug became loose right and away and quick working.  you get what you pay for.
this is very bad(at least mine) you cant charge with out constently checking it the usb part is shaky it is only 2 problems but remember its a cord.the shipping is good thow
it was difficult to insert in the ipod and recently would not charge.  after close examination it appears to have been bent or not aligned properly.
this cable is not working well one week, so i do not recommend. is of poor quality. i need change.
bought this as a spare to my apple one. it broke within a use or two. i was extremely disappointed but not surprised given how inexpensive it is. just get the real one.
very bad product. this is not detecting my iphone. both the cable are in same way. i am feeling like ripped from the supplier.will not recommended to buy this product.
returned as it didn't work
good thing i bought 2 of these because the first one broke after 7 days. laying on my desk. never even went through a single coil/uncoil cycle.
i guess the price should have given it away that this item would not function.  too cheap to bother mailing back. i do not recommend this product.
i wouldn't recommend any one to buy it because it does not even work properly. i would say it just waste of money
i bought the cord, and it did not work for either iphone 4s or ipod touch. i thought it was my phone acting up but it didnt work for the ipod touch either. am not happy. do not buy.
i purchases these cords and with in a month of receiving them in the mail none of the 3 cords would work at all!
i bought this cable a few months ago. i'm not satisfied with the purchase and i'm pretty sure that the cable that i got is not apple certified. i had to wiggle the cable to make sure that my iphone is properly charged. i got a defective product!!!
it works but is not solid and broke very quickly after a few uses, i wouldn't buy again for sure.
this product was horrible i brought six and only one worked and that one broke off in my iphone ruining it this is a horrible product and i want my money back
the charger did not work.  really nothing more to say than that.  it was so cheap, it wasn't worth sending back.
i got what i paid for. i was being cheap. it broke the next day!!!!!!! i would not buy it ever again. don't sell this product any longer.
this cord worked for a very short while but it doesn't work anymore with my iphone and ipad.  very frustrating!
i ordered 6 of these hoping to get ones for travel, car, and home.  shipping was delayed because they were shipped from over seas. not one of them worked and all of them fell apart when i tried to disconnect them from my devise.  very disappointed!
the best thing about the product was that it came faster than expected, but other than that, the cord doesn't charge anything, if i put the cord into my adapter, i'm sure it'll burn like everyone else's anyway. do not buy.
first, it took forever to arrive.  it looks just like an apple charger, but it doesn't charge my phone!  do not buy!!
first one i ordered worked once then never again. contacted the seller (very polite people). they sent me replacement free of charge (their shipping is relatively slow). unfortanlely, once again i'm here with a waste of money cable that doesnt work.
it doesn't really work. sometimes it won't even charge my phone!! i wouldn't recommend it at all because it doesn't work
i was happy to see this charger cord worked for about a month, then it just gave out on me and my phone yet again said &#34; charger device not supported&#34;. not kool man.not kool!!!!!
this doesn't work at all on my iphone. it fits perfectly but when i plug it into the wall or my computer it doesn't do anything. don't buy this product, its a waste. thank goodness i only spent $0.90 on it.
very dissatisfied with this product.i ordered 4 to stock up and always have a spare.took a long time to recieve,and after 2 weeks i only have one that is still working,don't expect it to last long.cheap price.cheap product.
had the cable for ~4 weeks and it has already died due to poor construction where it connects to the idevice. came nowhere near the 2 years i get with a $20 cable
i bought 2 of this, the size can not match very well with iphone so within 2 weeks, both of these two were broken.
i had the product for about a week and it quit working and charging my phone. i thought it might be the wall part so i plugged the usb into a different wall charger and it still didnt work.
this charger broke within a week, literally fell apart. this charger is not worth the money or effort to buy.
it would only work for a short time and then went off.  glad i didn't pay very much for it.
when i saw the charger for sale for just 1.00 i should have known it was too good to be true it came in perfect condition and fast shipping, but it doesn't work.the usb end is too big and it just falls out of my car charger and computer.
this is advertized as a data transfer cable and guess what it works to transfer data.  if you think since it looks exactly like the $30 cable from apple it will also charge your iphone.it won't.
this item works but you have to really force it into your apple product. i was scarred to put it in at first because i thought i was going to break my ipod. but i use it for music for my car so i am not taking in and out
these are a waste of money. i bought 4 of them and within a month, three of them were unusable. one broke within the first week of arrival! not to mention that they took almost a month to get here! they are cheap in price, but also cheap in creation.
it lasted for awhile but became unusable at the iphone end of the cord. the price was nice, but i get what i pay for, cheap price, cheap time for use.
it's very hard fro me to give a product review on the usb charging cable for an apple iphone when i have yet to receive the order.
the sync cable is not working for iphone 4 to charge or transfer data from pc or laptop. i think its worthless to buy this cable i got mine 3 weeks ago and i throw away coz its not working at all for iphone 4, ipod classic and ipad.
this charger cord took almost 3 weeks to arrive.  we've now had it a week and the coating around the wires has cracked and come apart near both the plugs on both ends.  very low quality.  i don't recommend this product.
i originally left a good review for this item.  originally it worked just fine with my finicky iphone 3gs.  however, now it will not charge my iphone, nor any of my other apple products.  save you money, buy brand name.
this cable is a piece of junk.  i ordered two.  the first one didn't work at all.  the second one fell apart the first time i tried to use it. i asked for a refund (including shipping charges), but never heard back from the vendor.
i ordered 2 thinking if 1 didn't work the 2nd woul be a spare  neither of them worked would suggest paying more for better quality
it was not to good product wire broke real easy and was to short bad quality i wouldn't regs mend it
both cables failed right from the start. once plugged into a usb port they overload usb even by themselves without any load on the other end
garbage not even close to the real thing fake cheap broke 5 min after i opened it
bought 5 pair of these cords and with in a matter of weeks each went bad and were completely unusable. they are total and complete junk but then again what did i expect when ordering from japan or china
i got this as a replacement and it didn't last a week before it broke. never again!!
i ordered usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone (white) and i never got them.  i only spent $2 so i'm not that mad about it. but the fact that i never got it well, not sure if i'd buy for this seller ever again.
gave the product  to the kids to charge their phone each one of the 5 cords purchased  when removing the connection to the phone came apart
i bought 5 just to make sure i wouldn't get screwed.1 month later, none of them work.  i guess you get what you pay for.scam
don't waste your time or the mere $2.00 this cable was not working with a computer, the machine did not see the device. it only works as a charging cable from the usb ac adapter.
does not work with apple products.
do yourself a favor and spend more money to get a good cable. after waiting weeks for this charger it turns out it didn't even charge my iphone. blah.
when using the charging cable(s) i get an error message on iphone, charging is not supported. don't know what went wrong
out of the 5 chargers i gnly 2 of them were working  i was really dissapointed and upset  that they didn't work ) ;
it's been a month since i ordered the item, but i have not rec'd it. pls. kindly send it to me asap.
i would like to review this, but i still have not received it!purchased on 01/03/2012. it's supposed to be here by 2/15.very disappointed in the time it is taking to receive this.
ordered 2. one for the car and one for home. stopped working within a wk of use. just bought the real cable from apple which lasts me for a yr and threw these out.
it wasn't an actual charger it didn't even fit my iphone 4, next time send a charger that actually works.
bought 4 of them and none of them work for my 3gs . itouch or ipad . really the iphone states that this accessorie is not supported with this device !.
worked great right out of the packaging.3 wks later, it won't charge at all. you get what you pay for.
knew it was too good to be true for price paid. definitely should have listened to other reviews. it worked wonderfully one time and that was it. it never worked again.
ordered a few of these to charge/sync ipod touches.  worked for 2 months, then one by one they all stopped working.  not recommended to buy.
my ipad charges like a dog when i use this cable.  it is a lot cheaper than the apple one, but you get what you pay for.
after waiting three weeks for this it arrived and was bent and un useable. not pleased. waste of time. had to drive twenty miles and pay $25 for a new one
as soon as one of the cords was taken out of the package it was falling apart.  one of the items was fine. and i haven't opened the third yet. very disappointed in the product. will definitely order from apple next time.
it's been over one month and still havnt seen the cable yet. do not buy. i ended up going to walmart to get it. not happy.
i got the cable after three weeks, it was not connecting the phone properly first, once it connected it was not working.
i was the dumb one to think that i could get an ipad charger for less than at least 10,  and actually expect it to work. i dont even blame anyone but myself for this horrible purchase
i am writing this review to let everyone know that this usb cable is charging my phone very slowly and it is also getting heated after some time. so, i would suggest others to put some money and get a good one for your phone.
it worked the first time i used it but it hasn't worked since. even though its cheap, its not worth it
this was super short and didnt work well at all. hated it actually. would not recommend to anybody wanting a cheap cord.
i was about to use this cord twice before it fell apart. both plugs came off the cord but then again i spend a couple of dollars on it so what do you expect to get
i just received this item and it doesn't work at all. don't waste your time or money on this one!
i guess you get what you pay for. this worked great for a week and then stopped. when i plug it in  now it flashes back and forth between charging and not charging no matter how much i try to jiggle the plug etc. don't waste your money!
cord stopped working after 1 week.  cheap.  seems to try and work at times but just stops after a second or two.
amazon. very poor it has already broken.  the top came off and the wires were showing then it finally broke in to two pieces.
the item was shipped from hong kong. worked well for 4 months and has now stopped working. used only as charger on wall socket.
very bad cable.  didn't even hold up for a week.  it is basically a throw away cable.  it gets cut from both ends
don't get it .these don't work they are cheap but what's the case of paying real cheap for a product that is not going to work
the cable doesn't work as a charger.  phone gives an error mssg and doesn't charge.  had to go back to my old beat up cable.  not worth returning so just a waste of time and money.
these cables look just like the real thing, but they are cheap imitations.  all three of mine have come apart at the connector ends and ceased to function.  although oem cables are expensive, in this case they are the right way to go.
this product looks identical to the official apple cables but gave out within a month of normal use. stay clear of these!
broke it right away, would recommend buying a more exspensive one. buy one from apple. its better quailty. :  
unfortunately, the product did not work with my 3g ipod touch. i would not recommend purchasing this item, but would go with the amazon basics option instead.
the product was great up until it randomly stopped working. now it's useless. i've only had it for 2 weeks. waste of money. at least i don't spend that much on it. now i'm just gonna go spend the $19 for a real apple cable.
within days this charger started coming apart and eventually stopped work (all in less than a week). don't waste ur time/money.
doesn't charge an ipad nor an iphone and serves no purpose besides a decorative item (and a bad one). a complete waste of time and money.
it took a month to reach still its not working. i dont know how to replace it its night mare.
i had it for only 2 weeks and its already acting up and can't charge. i have to move the wire around for it to charge and it stops charging sometimes
as i got them i noticed something weird. it felt as if the cable didn't have anything insidei don't recommend at all don't even waste your time
the end didn't correctly fit my 4gs, it almost got stuck in it and broke off. not worth purchasing    i got a much better replacement from the local fred meyer for $4.99 you get what you pay for
my item has yet to arrive. i purchased the item in february, and it was due to arrive on march 1, 2012. it hasnt arrived yet.
it arrived faster than expected it did not work on my ipad though. i guess i need to buy an original cable from applestore.
i have only got these to work on a win 7 machine, and they don't charge. not worth the time and cost to send them back.
it's not working and damaged my charger port. waste of money and time. would like to know how to return.
i purchused 2 charger and it cannot charge the ipad. not happy.how can we have chargers that dont work for ipads as well?
cheap as hell!!!!!! broke in 5 minutes. it almost broke my phone dock. never again, just never. save your money.
plug this charger into i phone 3g and the message was not supported with this accessory it will not workso i have charger that will not charge my i phone even though information said it would.
the idea of buying this sounds good on paper, but after a few uses, it ends up dying. but it is a dollars worth lol.
did not work with my phones . were actually rejected by my iphones.  i bought several because they were cheap, appeared to be equivalent to factory cable but they aren't.  i fear this cable could actually damage your phone.  had to throw them away.  total garbage.
broke instantly! not worth my money! i'm tired of waisting my money on these! nothing like the original! :( :(
this works sometimeshowever, most of the time, it refuses to charge and even overheats your device. simply do not buy this piece of shit, spend a dollar or more and get a brand that knows what they are doing
i dont normally write reviews unless its positive but this sync cable does not work at all. as soon as i put it to my wall charger the cable got very hot within 30 second and it was not charging :(
no matter on iphone 4s or new ipad, it does &#34;not charging&#34;.  yes, it is junk. do not buy it.
break it the first time i use it. even though it is cheap but the quality is increadable bad. don't waste your time to buy this one
it broke in a week. what do u expect for such a cheap price low quality item.not worth ur time
if they are not doa, they will be shortly. shortly. ha. they short out, cause usb over current draws. god knows what they do to your phones. crap.
this was a complete lie. while this cord looks like the cord that comes with your iphone.it is not. it is made of cheap alternative material and breaks extremely easily. help me in keeping money from these scammers.
it didn't even worked
it wont charge at all. doa. pay a couple more buck and get a better cable. it will tear apart just in a day .
thanks for ripping me off, crumb bums. is this made of play doh? it might as well be. at least it would smell pleasant and nostalgic if it was. but no, it's just ugly plastic garbage that pollutes the earth and kills our planet.
they plug doesn't fit into a socket properly. the cords don't fit into my iphone 4 properly, and they obviously don't power very well because the battery drains during use even if they are plugged in. don't waste your time trying to save a few bucks.
the cord does not work for long, it already has a shortage and is not working at all not cool or a good product!!!!
usually these generic products are alright, not so with this one. don't waste your dollar or time. bought the belkin one and it works. now i have a junk cord sitting around.
i purchased 4 of these chargers and they do not work.  very unhappy. waste of money.  when i connect chargers to our phones a message appears "warning, this device does not support charging."
well, it did charge my iphone 3gs while it worked.  but within 6 wks the connector to the phone broke.  this was my back up connector, so it didn't get much use (maybe a few times per week at most).
i ordered this over a month ago and i still have not received it. i was stoked about the price so i bought two of these and two of the wall chargers and got an email that said they had shipped before christmas. well, where are they?!
i plugged this into my phone and computer to get charged. when i went to unplug it from the phone, the wire pulled from the base of the plug! i got to use it one time!  was not very satisfied with this.
i'll never buy another iphone charger offline this charger last maybe two week before braking.charger are not worth the money even though their cheap going to walmart is well worth it their only 4buck now 4.88
i guess you get what you pay for. attempted to disconnect my charging iphone from this cable and it snapped apart.
this charger stopped working almost right away, i was not happy at all with this product. you get what you pay for.
the part that connects to the actual device barely fit, i had to force it in. then after like three uses, the same part i had to force came clean off, with the wires poking out of the actual cord. poorly made
doesn't fit in my usb port on my computer. difficult and very slow to charge my iphone. i have to toggle the charger to get the sweet spot for it to charge correctly. disgraceful.
this charger broke a few days after i purchased it much to my disappointment. then again maybe i was expected a bit too much for how much i paid.
very cheap quality. the cables don't even last a week. takes more than a worth to deliver. total waste of your dollar.
what can you expect for the price ? i used it for about  4 days before it broke. tried to fix it to no avail. waste of money.
this product is a piece of junk. not working at all. made a mistake of buying it for a low price.
these are chip cables.  they detach from head echen you unplug,  i wont buy again, they look nace but sony work for more than a day
plugged in when got it and it snapped do not buy this item its very cheep and in useful. very bad
seriously, i know the iphone chargers are pricy but my recommendation is to get the original one. it&#8217;s an expensive phone and by the amount of money you&#8217;ll be spending on these generic ones you might as well just spend one time for a good one.
every i phone charger i have purchased has not worked long than a week head phones includedusb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone (white)apple iphone 4 iphone 4 iphone 3gs iphone 3g iphone iphone 4 (cdma) iphone 3gs iphone 4 (cdma) iphone 3g iphone original stereo headset
i have never written a review.but this item made me write one.total waste of money.i know it's not much but it's still a waste.after 1 or 2days of use, it's just gone dead.just don't buy it.
i prefers 10 iphone chargers a months ago an they have all either broke or quit working already im not happy at all 10 chargers in a months is a little ridiculous if you ask me!
i just needed a usb cord to replace the one i had that just broke. i did this back in january. the item never showed up.
i'm sorry but i ordered 4 and only 1 worked. my experience was horrible even though it was cheap but you expect the product to at least work.
does not work with iphone 4   constantly got the "charging is not supported with this accessory" error. very disappointed and just tossed them in the trash.
i have purchased a bunch of these over the years from ltzmart. the eight that i purchased in november 2013 fall apart the first time that they are used. i could find better quality from a bubble gum dispenser.
do not support my phone (iphone 4), wasted my time and money, i will not purchase this, its just a waste
did not work with my white iphone 3s as stated in the description so i hate it. did not work for me.
that is what is says after about a minute of plugging it in. kind of disappointing because this was the cheapest cable i could find. oh well i guess its only a dollar.
i bought this to charge a 4th generation ipod touch.  it will not charge the ipod or sync with the computer.
i got one day of use out of this charger then it stopped working. shipping took almost a month. buying a $10 charger is worth it over this one, don't buy it!
these wires are have an extremely poor construction. both of the wires i ordered got messed up within two days. what else do you expect when you're paying 75 cents though lol
needed a charger for my car so i thought this would be a good deal. but about a month later it craps out on me. not worth the time.
worked for 30 minutes, then became inactive. don't buy this, the price is just as cheap as the product. do not recommend.
terrible terrible terrible. don't buy them. seriously. i even purchase from a dealer with 100% positive feedback, in usa. ordered 3. tore immediately, and scared me because they all got stuck in my iphone.
this cheap knock off cost me $1 with free first class mail delivery (in the us). unfortunately it does not work with my ipod touch, so i got what i paid for  nothing. i should have known better. does not deserve one star.
the cord is cheap and will break within a week or two. i dont recommend this product to anyone who needs a iphone charger.
i got these and they worked on my iphone for like a week and now every time you try to use it, my iphone says "charging is not supported by this accessory"  don't buy!
horrible the cable is intermittent and cheaply made save your hard earned dollars! i bought two of them and neither one worked what a waste of money and time.
i prefer do not buy this cable as this is not working at allwaste of money n time behind effort to make it work
the charge would not charge at all. later on, i discovered that the charger did not have any wire inside. horrible experience and waist of time!!
i received this cable on time. i tried it on my ipad a few days later. it did not charge the ipad. my son tried it a few days after that on his iphone. it did not work. he threw it in the trash! very disappointed.
i have an apple iphone cable would not plug into my phone!i spent $24 on fast delivery + minimal cost for 2 cables& i have nothing to show for it.amazon should check this product out before selling any more.
i thought it was authentic, but it is not made by apple.  i don't even know if it will fit my iphone(just kidding) , but really, it is bad quality , i just threw them away after i got it.
the product was well packed and arrived when mentionedbut it did not work at all with the power output adapter
broke the first time i used it. it was a very tight fit and when i tried to pull it out, it broke into pieces.
cheap but whats the use if you cannot rely on this! it automatically loses its electric connection with the host computer. so just when you are thinking your iphone is getting charged up its actually losing power standing by!
this is a poorly made product which took weeks to arrive.  a wire became loose within weeks of use and now it will not work.
i got this about a month ago and already a short in the plug. not worth it! go to apple and get a real one!
it wasn't a charger, it was actually a small bag of nuts & bolts!! very disappointing. and why do i need a minimum of words for a review??? this is stupid!
i have not yet received the products so there is no way to write a review.it's hard to write a review about something you don't have.
it worked for about a week or so and then the wires started to come out and it wouldn't work anymore.
worked great.! for about a week or so; then it stopped charging and syncing. not even worth the $1.50 i spent on it.
it was not the charger for the iphone and came 2 weeks later than the 1st package. the whole kit was not up to expectation.
this product already stop working it keep short circuiting my usb charger.  i so sorry i keep taking chances on some of these cheap and awful products.
do not buy this! first, i was barely able to insert it to charge my daughter's ipod touch. then, when she pulled it out the wires separated off from the part that is attached and shocked her fingers slightly. dangerous and a waste of money!!!
this cable is not working properly, i have tried to charge my iphone4 and i need to wait more time that my previous one
gave me the wrong usb cord. awful set of people. i got an iphone 5 usb instead. emailed them and they did not fix the problem. i'd never ever purchase anything from them ever again.
don't buy from this seller.here is bounced back e mail:dear xxxxxx,we are sorry to let you know that your email(s) below cannot be delivered. the recipients have decided to leave the amazon.com platform or are not eligible to receive any further email communications.
the cable worked fine at first but within two weeks it came loose and stopped working , the white tube covering the wires was already loose when it arrived then it completely opened and broke
this item is not even worth your time. please take my advice and keep scrolling pass this or you will be disappointed for purchasing.
charge cable only worked for a couple of charges and hasn't worked since, but for the price, i am not surprised.
didnt work when i received them. pretty annoying that it took a month to get. would return but its not worth it
hi so yes, i ordered this product and waited a week to get it. when i finally got it i plugged it into my phone and it didn't charge, to good to be true for a cheap cable
i bought this cable because mine broke, i received it about two weeks after i ordered it and it only lasted me a couple days then stopped working they are very unreliable.
i bought this iphone cable because my dog chewed the one from apple that came with the phone. when it was done charging my phone and i went to unplug it, the cord ripped apart from the part that goes into the phone.
i bought two if these cables and one broke the very same day i received it. you're better off getting it from someone else.
shipment was amazingly fast.started out great, then two weeks into it it just stopped working. would not charge my phone. very disappointed
stop working after 2 weeks time. pls dont waste your time. this product is cheap and it no longer works
the cord stated to be 6 foot long.  i have several 3.3' cords and wanted the six foot version. i should have picked it from someone else. this is the second time that i have been mis lead by an over seas company!!!!thanksrobert montesi
the package came pretty fast but the charger was very short and broke in about a week and a half.
the same day i got it the cords started to show on both ends when i tilted my phone to the side  . 
this product was not compatible with my iphone and will charge at random times and will not charge when i need it to.
this product was something i believed would be equivalent to buying a charger from the dollar store, i was wrong. this product does not work at all a screen comes up saying "accessory is not compatible". do not buy.
works enough to maintain power (so far) but doesn't actually charge my iphone. i left it plugged in for 8 hours and the phone went from 3% 38% battery life. something's wrong with these, i bought 3 and all do the same
does not work on most iphone/ipads. it works according to the mood that cannot be predicted. not a reliable product
waste of money. i bought two cords and they both lasted about 2 weeks and just stopped working. no rip or tear in the cords. doesn't make sense.
i bought this item on jan 7, and still an waiting for it to arrive.unbelievable. today's date feb 8,2012
it was useless.cannot on on my iphone/ipad.,threw it out immediately
cables never worked with my ipad, and stopped working with my iphone and ipods after just a couple weeks of use.  i bought 10 cables and 6 of them never worked at all.
i got two and one worked okay and the other didn't even go in.
plastic casing around the non usb plug cracked completely off the first time i used it.  total crap.  who would bother to even make/sell this?
since it was so cheap, i thought it would be a good deal but it didnt even work and i waited so long for it to come too.
i bought two of these and both of them was no good. i wound up going to at&t store to purchase one. but the other stuff i purchased from amazon was just fine
i placed this order on jan 5, still have not received my shipment, it's been a month already and still awaiting.
the production arrived within 1 week.  when i connected it to my itouch 4, it could neither charge my itouch nor sync it with my computer.contacted amazon and the seller.  seller offered a replacement.  i will update here to see if the replacement works.
i have try two of usb 30 pin data cable they both worked for about 5 mins and quit working so im not happy with them so far
this product was working fine for awhile, but one day it stopped working after about 3 months which is very annoying.
the product did not work as it was advertised. we tried using various outlets in the house without success so we gave up.  will not buy from this company again.  thank you.
this charging cables does not work well, takes nearly 3 4 times longer to charge the iphone as compared to original apple charger.due to the charging time, i feel my iphone is getting overheated.overall, don't waster your money with this product and buy original would be my advice.
unfortunately the cable doesn't really fit into my iphone, i had the bad idea of forcing it in and then i had the hardest time taking it off. even when property connected it didn't work.
the charger doesnt charge my ipad. it works only 50% of the time on my ipod.get a different charger. not worth the dollar and the effort to get it.
don't waste your time buying these cheap knock offs. the cords needed to be forced into my iphone in order for it to charge, and even still it would go on and off. i decided not to run the risk of breaking something. not worth your money.
stupidly i went with the first cable seller that popped up and it was from hong kong.  waste of money as the cable fails to work at all.
worked for 3 days only. waste of money. and takes lot of time to fully charged.cheap is cheap always.worthless product.
i have not received the product yet. it was due to arrive on jan 26th 2012, which in itself is very late for a product ordered by end of dec 2011.but as on date (feb 5th 2012) i have not received the product.very poor service.thanksprakash
i never got this cable.it should come before 14 feb but i never got this cable.usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone (white) (
its not the skinny one you see in the picture, the end that plugs into the phone is huge. dont waste your money
broke on me only 2 times after using it.  the price is good, but the quality is horrible.  i would suggest getting a slightly more expensive one, with better quality, that will last you a while.
i have no received this yet, it's been a while! and i must say i'm disapointed! i could of been bought is somewhere else! :(
these items look like they would work as apple charging cables however they lasted for only a short time before separating at the connection point. poorly made product. from here on out i will stay with apple brand, there is a reason this is so cheap.
it was a waste of money, it stopped charging my phone in like 5 days. i do not recomend to anyone!!
used for one week (if that) and thought it was great, but now it will not charge any of my apple products.  it is garbage.
never worked! i wouldn't waste your money! i have used many cords and this has been the worst one i ever bought!
this item is junk. it only lasted for a couple of weeks. i tried to trade it in at the iphone store for a new one and they looked at me and laughed. walgreens sells a better product.
this thing never came in the mail it's a total waste of money. i wouldn't recommend buying it off this person
bought 3 of these, only one cable charges (some of the time) the other 2 are complete duds. wouldn't recommend unless they offer replacements
ordered 3, 2 didn't work they don't have the clips for removal and the 3rd one didn't last long till it broke also.
i brought this it took a long time to come when i got it only work for one week so mad i waste my time and money
cheap but doesn't work. try to sync phone and i keep getting a message that &#34;charging is not supported with this accessory.&#34; not worth the cheap price.
it broke the first time i used it. i went to unplug my phone and the end got stuck in the phone, leaving live wires exposed.
it took over a month to receive this product and then lasted maybe a month after that. the wires split, thus it charges half the time or not at all.spend a little more money on quality.
either it will spoil my phone or my my mac (which i connect my usb end). does not fit at any end properly. piece of junk.
doesn't work after 2 weeks of using it.i'd like a new one as a replacement.please send me a new one.
out of the box, this cord was broken. when i plug it into the wall or my computer, it constantly fluctuates from being connected to not. lousy and does not work.
unstable head always give me trouble too move it. no a good product. very disappointed with it. dont fit well.
it's been over a month and i still have not received my purchase. will i ever get my product or did it get lost in the mail?
do not  buy this charger. its a pure waste of money.the guy sends it from china and it took one month and within a week both the chargers stopped working.
i was very unhappy with this item i needed it to charge my iphone and ipad but it only will fit my ipad it will not go into my phone. it also started to come apart after only a week
didn't fit or work on i pad.
the cable i ordered march 2014 from &#34;seqshop ships from hongkong&#34; looked okay, but did not work.  currently in the landfill.
this cable did not charge iphone.  this is the purpose for which it was purchased.  this was a waste of money.
this is a piece of junk do not waste your time or money. not sure how they got away with selling this garbage!
i have to rate this the worst purchase i have ever made on amazon thus far because the seller intentionally displays the wrong image for the product, and while the product somewhat serves the functionality, it is bulky, and not what i ordered.very disappointed! ehsan
this cord broke on the third use.  what a waste. i guess you get what you pay for, don't you?
"white sync & charge usb cable for apple iphone 3g / apple iphone 3gs" from chitech corp [aka ctcstore] out of the bag can charge my iphone 4 but it cannot sync.  got what i paid for.
arrive on time. work as it should. last through the 2nd time. after that it charge 3 hours for 2%. it still can transfer data, though, or at least i can see my iphone in itune.
it worked for about two and a half days and then it stopped working . a bought a new charger from the general dollar that has lasted longer
received cord.  plugged it in. charges! awesome!unplugged.  connector rips apart.waste of $1.02 (and potentially harmful to several hundred dollar device).
this product is not even worth one star because this item does not even work . i would think if it should be up for sale it should work properly .
i saw this for $3 (including shipping) and thought i'd give it a try. i waited a couple weeks for it and it worked once. it's basically crap now, so i'm happy it didn't cost me too much.
i have a ipod nano and this cable only works for data transfer and not charging. i will have to buy another apple cable as a result. mfg should change their description to remove the charging feature.at least for the nano.
my kids say the broke easily and were not up to standard   even for a nonapple product. i would not advise buying it.
i have gone through several of this type of cord. they never last. i finally bought a more durable one for more money and am glad i did. i you get this i guess just buy 4 or 5.
this is my second usb order , the first one was working well . this one is not working at all !!!
this only worked for a few times to charge my iphone.  then i stopped working and would not charge my phone.
i am so pissed coz this cheap quality product broke on me after a month of use. also it took so long to charge my iphone. i would never buy or recommend this product to anybody.
i wanted to rate it as zero because it didn't work at all from the beginning. we couldn't use to charge with. i wish i could return it nut it's going to cost me more money that it actually cost.
broke after less than a week of light use. you really do get what you pay for here. absolutely terrible.
completely useless. plug kept falling out of wall socket, had to force connector into phone. threw both away within five minutes of opening the package.
this poor quality cable not only separated from the plug but also had exposed wire presenting the possibility of a short. a classic case of an imitation not up to the standards of a apple product.
did not get right wires that i ordered , order wires for apple i 5 phone got wires for i 4 and lower after 4 week wait!!!! robert b. talley. not happy with this!!!!!
i choose this because the cable does not work. i have tried multiple times but the cable will not charge my itouch.
avoid buying these reproductions they are cheap knock ups and far from the real deal. stick to companies like griffin i never had an issue with their products.
i tried to sync my ipad using the cable but my ipad says the cable isn't supported? so much for cheaper brands. . . .
the first time i plugged it into my iphone, the cable plug broke.  threw it away in disgust.  cannot reccomend this.
bought for my daughter and she used it one day and the end frayed and pulled away from the base. it was stiff.
the cord only worked long enough to charge my phone twice. i even tried wiggling it around a few times. very very frusterating. i'm glad it was such a cheap item.
waited a month,worked for a week.now you got to wiggle the end to get it o work.sometimes.spend a little more and get an apple.
two of the three charging cords for  this iphone purchase don't work last time i ordered three chargers for the iphone for and they didn't work either, they were just the cables
i ordered several of the cords and about half of them malfuctioned either doa or died within a few days.  not impressed with this product!!
i liked the price, but the cable didn't hold up well at all. the shielding on the cable has started to separate at both ends where the cable meets the connector. the cable is still working, but i'm guessing it won't work for long.
the cable's external insulation separated from the connectors, on both sides of the cable (phone end and mac end), within one week.  that left the internal wires exposed. junk, junk, cheap junk.
i have been waiting for weeks now and i still havnt gotten it! that makes me really mad! its rediculos!
ordered this product on 12/29/11 still waiting on it. today is 2/13/12. so i cant exactly give any kind of review
this cord was trash as soon as i got it, to be honest i think these cables are pure fakes. the cord did not charge and it broke that same day.
thought it would be cool to get a charging cable for so cheap, but when i plug it into my ipod it won't charge or even recognize the cable. not worth the $1.43 that it costs.
this wire claims to be 45 inches long but i got a 35 inch cable. it also didn't fit into my iphone and came all dirty which makes me think its all used. only buy this if you want problems charging your phone.
these items match up well with the iphone, but are not of reliable quality, plus, i waited several months for them to arrive.did not report to seller, it was too much hassle, and they were less than a buck each.  my loss.
i received the cable when/how described. but, when i pluged the cable into my computer to charge my phone, then unpluged it. the usb portion of the cable, stayed in the computer!never again!
this product did not fit in my phone. it was useless and pointless and a waste of time and money even though it was inexpensive but it took a while to get to me and when it got to me it did not work
my charger broke and stopped charging with in a month. the wires became exposed at both ends of the cord. waste of time and money.
i used this cable for about 20 minutes and it started to melt i felt something burning and felt my phone was hot the the cord was melting and i pulled on it to take it out so it wouldnt catch on fire and the cable had detached easily
delton premium usb data cable for iphone 4/4s retail packaging white . it keeps giving the error message &#34;this accessory is not supported on this device.&#34; i have a 4s. doesn't work. don't waste your time if you think you are getting a good deal. you get what you pay for.
it broke it 2 days      i understand i only paid $5 for it but still it should have broke that soon
cheap but qaulity is v cheap, did not work when connected to ipad. did not return it since would have costed more to ship it back.
i had it for a week and it stop working
the charger worked perfectly fine for about 3 days, then you had to out it in a certain position. after about a two weeks, it stopped working. do not buy waste of money
lasted for 3 weeks and just randomly didn't work/charge anymore.if you want to buy a cheap charger, go to walgreens   they sell it for $8
i have ordered this product but it doesn't work sins firs day. i am very disappointed with this purchase, it is cheap and  is very very very  poor quality.
this is a terrible product it doesn't charge and after connecting my i pod no longer works. shiping took almost a month i would say it is not worth your time
it goes in an out while charging my phone
it doesn&#8217;t work, i guess you get what you pay for! think twice before you order this cable ! !
the shipment of the product is disgusting.i guess it has come from another planet few galaxies away!!and i guess we need to travel back to that planet to know how to use a half burnt and broken charger.
had this cable for about a week. the usb header separated from the sleeve from very light use. definitely not worth it. this is a get what you pay for item.update: it doesn't charge all time the time either. never again. likely a electrical fire waiting to happen.
the pin did not go into the slot nicely. the ipad did not charge. so the product did not work for me.
after about 3 weeks, my iphone and computer don't recognize the cable anymore. need to buy an oem product now.
this stopped working after apple updated, and now it says &#34;this device is not certified&#34; or something to that effect.
the same day i got this i was using it to charge my grandsons ipad and it fell a part the end that plugs into the ipad came apart will not buy anymore from this sealer they are cheap made not worth the money it was a waste sorry.
these don't even look like the real ones. &#62; &#60; they broke after a short period of time. they definitely do not last long. just save yourself the time and frustration   buy the real apple usb cord.
this product is junk, ihad order three, two didnot worked and other one stopped working within a week, i have contcted seler, he never send me replacement .
got this for my daughter for christmas it didn't work!! : (i didn't know if i could return it.
this plus lasted me 2 months until it broke. you are better off going to the apple store and buiying the real thing.
this item broke the very first time i used it. first of all i had trouble plugging it into my phone. finally i got it in. when it was time to unplug it, it broke as soon as i started to pull it out. so disappointing.
broke shortly after i received it.
ugh is this cable meant to work in the iphone4s like placed in the product picture?? because it doesn't even fit into my phone.and i bought two, waste of money
after less than a week it no longer charges the phone or connects to computer. i knew it was very cheap and probably wouldn't last long but expected a little more use out of it than this.
product looked good when it arrived, arrived on time, but it broke the first time i used it.  the cord came disconnected from the part that plugged into my ipod.
i was very discouraged when receiving these. they were not compatible with either my ipad or iphone. does not work with usa ports. i would have returned them, but since they were so cheap, i didn't want to hassle with it.
i have no idea why i waited 2 months for this product, because it did not even work. it took 2 months to get here, then it didn't work. big disappointment.
this charger is horrible i jut received it in the mail about a week ago and it stopped working, i realized it wasn't charging when i woke up in the morning and i went on a wild goose chase trying to find another one right before school!!!
i thought the description included ipods, but when i plugged it in, only have of it would go in it just flat out doesn't fit
this item did not fit into my iphone at all. i had to throw it away because it was a waste of money!
pros:+cheap.cons: stopped working after a week. wires became frayed and loose around the connectors. definitely not an official apple product.would not recommend. would not repurchase.
does not work at all, got 3 cables   2 never worked, 1 sometimes work.avoid honkong for all these types of things   this is my 2nd/3rd very poor experience
looks good go to be true because it is.  the prong is just a bit shorter then the one provided by apple and it will not charge your devices.  beware!
you would think that stuff would be automatic, but this wouldn't charge my iphone4.  it's not worth it to me to return it.
this cable broke the very first time i removed the 30 pin connector from my phone. cheaply made, and isn't comparable to the genuine apple cables.
i gave it a one star because the cost for shipping and handling was to much for processing for a cord that isnt even coming at the speed i would like
it broke on the third use. do yourself a favor and spend ten more dollars to get a nice usb charger cable that will last you longer.
the cable i received broke after one use.  the connector looked like it was chewed up and had solder on it.
i waited a  month for this to come in, and when i tested it to see if it would work it didn't. do not buy this!!!
broke the first time i tried unplugging it. was dirt cheap so i guess it's to be expected, but i'd shell out a couple more bucks if i were you
sorry for giving a bad feedback. but the problem is true.cheap price. thought it should be decent. but of vain. for the quoted price, i cant even return it back. so i just trashed it.
first time using the cable, pulled at housing to remove from itouch and the plastic separated from the end, pulling the wires out of the metal connector. my computer shut down. i had to run an antivirus programm to start my computer again.
when you plus it into a charger a mesage pops up saying charging not available with connection.  it is only to sync your phone with the computer, it won't charge it.
i receive my cord but it did not work. so i purchased an item that does not work. what should i do
i bought 5 of the chargers and plugged my phone in to find 2 didnt work and a third froze my phone. they took almost a month to get here and didnt even work. i wasnt happy at all.
i i bought two, used the first one it worked for a few days.i used the second one it worked for two charges it stopped working.what a waste of money.
this is not working with home plug or in car iphone cable. total disappointment :( not even feeling like taking the pain to return for 1 dollar
this doesn't even work. i connected it to my computer and it doesn't even recognize the device software. well, you do get what you paid for! pay a little more somewhere else for something that will actually work.
the day i got it the wires started showing i thought it would be ok though.but now the charger dosent even work any more after a couple of days!!!!
at 2cents each i should've known they would b crap. 1st time using froze my phone. occasionally works but usually says device not supported. don't go cheap!!
it never worked!! i plugged it into my iphone and it won't charge or anything! truly a piece of crap and not worth the time to wait for it! i should demand a refund or exchange!
broke after only a couple uses and were not compatible for anything other then charging. pay a few dollars more for the amazon one!
it looks genuine but didn't work on our iphones or ipads, wasn't worth returning so we decided to write the review instead.
don't waste your money. it worked great for only 2 days. plugged my iphone in the morning of the 3rd day, and it just won't do it. this is definitely a case of 'getting what you pay for'.
the charger stopped working one week after i bought it.no kinks in the chord.it simply didn't work no matter what angle or where you plugged in :(
the usb sync and charger cable don't work this second one i brought saying  this charging is not supported with this accessory dismiss. i am tried wasting my money i want purchase anything else it totally a waste. i need a cable to work in my iphone 3gs
this item broke as soon i unplugged it the first time. very poorly made, the wire came out from the wall adapter
it worked perfect for a week, not the charger didn't work at all. i'm going to contact the merchant.
not worth chasing after another cheap cable for 2 dollars. arrived busted. bought one locally instead since it was an add on item
these are cheap and crappy. they break after a week of use and are just not worth it. buy a better cable!
i bought this for my iphone and it does not work after merely 3 weeks. well i know it's a cheap one so i should not have too much expectation. but seriously, 3 weeks?
the iphone charger broke the day it came in!! what a waste of money! it was extremely bad quality stuff.
the charger broke to days after i received it. i guess i got what i paid for!! so i can't be to mad!
it dont work after a month later both of them i dont know why but i wish i could give them back
had it for maybe a week and it just stopped working. bought this to keep by my bed and for some reason it decide not to work. i guess i got what i paid for.
these won't allow my ipod to sync with my computer, it's like it connects but won't stay connected long enough to transfer info or even charge. the seller hasn't responded to my messages either.
product was broken and wouldn't even work. arrived in bad condition, and ended up having to buy another one to replace the product i just bought.
cable did not charge my ipad2. $2 lesson learned. i will just have to pay for the branded cord next time.
i ordered 3 of these cords and none of them work. i know it was only about $4.00 but they did not work. it shows the iphone charging but it really isnt. as soon as you unplug it then it goes back down to the area it started at.
at first this product doesnt have a clear marking of where to insert the head of the cable to the apple product, so if you dont becareful then this cable, made in china, will ruin your apple product.
this broke within two days of using it.  it's not worth the trouble of the return since it was $1.45
the cord simply doesn't work. doesnt charge from the ac adapter, from the computer. just a piece of junk which looks like a real product.
stopped charging my ipod after a few uses, had to buy a completely new one. wasn't worth the wait, and cheaper just to buy a good one that'll last.
stopped working. it worked in the beginning, then worked intermittently, then stopped working altogether in less than a month. don't get this one
cheap ordered 2 one broke as soon as i left it in my car for 2 days there cheap generic not real apple products !
it worked just one day after that i tried everything but nothing happenedit worked just one day after that i tried everything but nothing happened
waste of money, although it is cheap, somo more take long time to arrive, i think 3 to 4 weeks. after open the package, immediately try to use it with my ipod touch, but it can not use.
this is so sad to say but the data sync and charger cable worked however it broke within a week of usage.
after taking almost 2 months to rcv the item, i found out it will not work w/ the iphone 3 and does not sync 4s w/ my computer.
i thought this cable would be a good thing but nope it didnt work after 2 weeks so i threw it away
i bought from valley buyand i threw it in garbage next day!didnt work, atleast with my iphone 3gs.bought from cellular 5 which i hope will work for long
i bought this thinking that it was worth the gamble seeing as its only a few cents. well, i wasted a few cents =p this product didn't work and wouldn't charge my ipod. it doesn't fit snug enough.
i was so excited to get these. i ordered them just in time for a vacation and they absolutely didn't work. i plugged them in and nothing.
the cords looked the part but the problem is that one of two never worked and the other one only works when youhold ity in the right way.while it was a bargain,it doesn't really work
save your money.  cheaply made imitation, looks like name brand, similarity ends there.  wires pull right out even being careful.
i purchased three of these hoping that at least one would save my dying phone and none of them worked. i ended up borrowing one from my friend. these are a total waste of money
it does not charge the ipad, it would sort of work when plugged into the computer, but only sometimes and then the damn thing fell apart!
i received this item about 2 months ago and it's already broken. the plastic coating around the joint has been ripped, leaving the inner electrical wires exposed. i guess this is what i get for the price i paid.
bought these 2 apple cords as replacements for 2 that had worn out and they are already not working for any of the apple products in my house. bit the bullet and bought apple versions just so they would last longer than 1 month.
this cord never worked.  didn't send it back because it only cost $1 and change.  this is the 3rd cord i have bought from amazon and it is not worth your money.  go to the apple store and get your moneys worth.
absolutely terrible. worked for maybe 5 minutes and then just stopped. tried multiple outlets/different apple usb chargers, but nope, just doesn't work.
don't buy it. the cord is no longer than the apple one, the seller lies and say's it is, and it has syncing problems.
i bought this thing to replace my old cord and the part connected to the iphone ended up melting as soon as i tried to use it. good thing i noticed the smoke coming off of it or i'd have been in huge trouble. money completely wasted.
the product was never shipped and the company would not respond to my emails.  i would not purchase from this company.
i am not sure who the merchant is, but it's been more than a month and i am yet to receive my order.
this product is too small to fit in my iphone 4, dont buy this product. delivering was fine but the product is horrible.
i was very disappointed with this item.  it did not work and a long as i had waited for the item to arrive, i still had to go out and purchase another one from the store.
these cords are awful.save your money!!!  i purchased 5 of them, and went through them in 2 weeks!!  guess you get what you pay for.
yeah it may have been a great deal for the cord however, it did not last more than a month
got it in reasonable time, but it never worked on my ipad.  had a little trouble getting it to fit, but it eventually went in.  did not work.  disappointing.  i was hoping i'd be one of the ones it did work for. :(
i got two usbs and they look exactly the same as the ones purchased directly from apple. when you plug the end into the iphone, however, it doesn't fit in well and you need to push it in hard. it's not worth risking it. bad product.
it worked for a week or so, and then it stopped. i thought maybe it was my phone, so i then cleaned it out and it still didnt work. so, i just purchased a new charger, and that solved the problem.
i went ahead and purchased despite the bad reviews and was wish i hadn't. it stopped working in 2 weeks! boooo!
horrible worked only for a week
since this product did not come from apple inc. it would not work with any of my apple products (iphone, ipad) it said right on the screen &#34;will not work not a registered apple product&#34; i wasted my money.
this product does not work. it did not charge my phone. it took a bit longer to receive but that wouldn't have bothered me if the product actually worked.
i ordered 4 of these chargers and none of them work.when plugged in to my computer to charge it says "charging is not supported with this accessory"
went to use this cord plugged it in and nothing it did not work so i would not get anything else from this vender
these cables worked when they showed up, however with the latest update the phone now says the accessory does not support charging. and my phone cycles like i plugged it in and unplugged it every 3 seconds
to keep this short and simple, ordered four of these cables and none of them work.  i wouldn't waste your time or money.
i bought this from ltzmart and i was very close to giving a 4 star rating until the charger finally broke today, it's hard finding a quality charger these days.
very inexpensive, but the cord started coming detached at the connector after only a few uses.  i would not buy another.
the time i use this product for my iphone it always show it is not an authorized product and refuse to charge my iphone. anyway, it is a useless product for neither iphone nor ipad.
ordered this over a month ago and still have not received it.  checked and it says that it should be on his way.  good thing it was cheap.  so much for a bargain.
bought 15 and only 3 worked. that is why they are so cheap. i emailed them and received no response.
these were really junk.  they were cheap but they wouldnt charge most of the devices i have.  in fact none of them.  sync ok but no charging.
it took a month to come in and it doesn't even work! whenever i plug in my iphone, it starts turning on and off and buzzing sporadically. i tried with another iphone as well. after i pulled it out, my phone was very slow. this cable is useless :(
dont buy anything from these people   both the chargers they gave me were dupes   i was using my old chargers till last weekend and only now used their stuff   neither worked   i want my money back.
i bought two of these a couple weeks ago, only one worked. only upside was they were very cheap .
this got stuck in my iphone.the prongs on the side are not like the one made by apple.thankfully i got it out without damaging my phone.it also took over a month to get here!
it stopped working after 2 weeks of usage. it took forever to get to my home. and it didn't work wonderful.
this is not working!!and i can't return it.don't buy it!!!!don't waste your money&  time!!this is terrible thing!!!
they don't work when i plug it into my car, they don't work when i plug it into my mac, they dont work when i plug it into the wall.  they just don't work!
great charger for the first day and then it broke the next day which sucked because i really needed that charger because my other one broke !
this cable never worked but it was so cheap it wasn't worth complaining about so we just threw it away.
it arrived on time but the wires broke at the junction of connection to the iphone and its come out and useless now didn't even get a days use on it.waste of money and time
another piece of garbage from china!it arrived 1.5 months after i ordered it, and on top of that did not work at all!i just got one at target for $15 with life time warranty.
i bought 3 and they do not work correctly.junk. i threw them away because i was afraid they would damage our expensive electronics.
junk, broken in just two months! don't waist your money, even $1 is two much for this cable. you don't need it!
the procduct i bought the usb cord for my iphone was a fake it charge,but when i went to take the usb cord from the phone it broke to easly.
extremely disappointed in this.  used one time and the metal part stayed in my phone when i pulled it out.
i wouldn't know how these products were, because i never got them!!!!!!  you certainly didn't waste any time charging me though!!!!
when using to charge iphone 3g   getting message &#34;charging is not supported with the accessory&#34;. but able to use the original charger. this is not good.
upon arrival this product never worked. i tried using it in other devices to see if it just wasn't compatible with my iphone but no luck.
stopped working after a week, but i guess the price suits it well. i paid $1 for it and was going to use it as a car charger adapter, but that was to no avail.
if i could give this a lower score than a one i definitely would. i've waited over 6 weeks for this charger and i still haven't gotten it. do not waste your time or money on buying this charger.
every iphone connector seems to break or the wires will comeout within a month or two and i'll have to buy another one for like $5 or less, they all suck.
i bought a couple of these and put them in the drawer.  months later i got one out to start using it and within two days all of the plastic insulation on the cord what falling off in small pieces, leaving the wires exposed.  junked it.
the cable does not work!  i tried it on several devices; however, it would not cause any of the devices to begin charging.
got this cable from ccceaccessories, i used the cable for only 1 week and it already stopped working, so im going back to my original cord
horrible cheap product very disappointed will not syc with computer also the dleevedell rite of after a while the cheap thing broke i would not recommend to any one simply horrible
the fit of these into the device is terrible. this is a useless product. you get what you pay for here, but they purport this to be a working product.
the wire covering came offf within weeks after purchase, i had to apply multiple tapes to keep it intact, finally just gave up.i guess thts all you can expect in that price.
if you are buying this for your iphone it will not work on it so do not go there if u are buying it for your iphone
it broke after the second use.  the input into the computer broke of at the part that the wire attaches after plugging it into my laptop for the second time.
does not work with iphone after about 4 charges on phone. not even worth the small amount that was paid for it.
after two days of use and no damage to the cord it already stopped working for me. not a good buy especially waiting two weeks shipment for it
these cables that i ordered did not work.  they did not fit properly and caused an error message from my iphone.  these cables are a waste of my money!
product stopped working after one day. had a short at initial opening bad eventually stopped working the next day. not happy, but it only cost me like $1.35 free shipping so can't complain too much.
i bought this because it was supposed to be 45 in. long. when i recieved it it was maybe 24 in.
we bought 6 of these and they only worked for about 2 weeks. no cracking in the outer white wire casing, they just stopped working all together. we are a house of 2 iphones and 2 iphones. we were hoping they'd last longer.
i purchased (4) of these products on january 4, 2012 it is now feb 7th, 2012 and i am yet to receive it!!!!!!!!! so, if i had the product, i'd write a review.
this usb charging cable basically worked for about two days well, and then it just stopped working. i bought it for my iphone 4s and everytime i plug it to my phone it fails to charge it. didn't even last a week.
i ordered 2 charging cables, and both broke within the first month.  they both broke at the point that you put it into the phone.  i will not order these products again.
these cables take forever to charge my iphone compared to the real ones. you get what you pay for .
this charger broke within a week and its not the first time this happened. my theory is they sell defective cables that apple can't sell for 20 dollars.
it was so cheap, i bought 5 of these.  i've already gone through 2 of these.  they only lasted me for about a week.  i guess that's what you get for buying such cheap chargers.
wouldnt even fit in any of my apple devices and it was a waste of money. i wrote a full review fully describing all the problems and lost it when my browser crashed.
the cable pulled out from the connection tip after a few uses and would not charge my iphone. i replaced it with an apple brand cable which is much more robust.
i ordered two of these things and they do not charge. one not working and you might suspect a defect with the single item, but both? this company is selling an inferior product. don't buy it!
don't waste your money. stopped working after using it for 3 times. it doesn't even charge my iphone anymore. spend a few more bucks and buy one with higher quality.
bottom line is that i bought a bunch of these and they just don't work. then i had trouble confusing them with the ones that did work, bug waste of time!
doesn't fit my iphone 4s has extra molded metal on the sides the stick out to far after waiting a month this is ridiculous
these are inexpensive and barely work. i was attracted by the price but they are tough to make function with my kids phones.
i have ordered this item over a month ago and have yet to recieve it. very frustrated. when and if i ever get it i will do a follow up rating and hopefully i will be smiling again .
connections poor and tight fit. hard to connect and disconnect. sometimes it works to play music from iphone and others it does not. will always charge it. never have this problem with other wires.  would not buy this again.
fell apart after first use and i cant put it back together. but you get what you pay for. bumer
this is so bad, i don't know why it's on amazon. worked one time, then i unplugged it, and the wire was already loose at the base. the second time i plugged it in, it no longer worked. maybe a good thing.
i purchased one for myself and another for my mother. both do not work. do not purchase, a waste of your money.
product is already broken, the metal part has come out of the plastic holding, didn't last long.maybe that's why it was sold for such a cheap price!
it totally didn't work, meh, oh well.
my generic order was filled by teenitor.when connected to a iphone 3gs and an ipad original   error message "charging not supported with this accessory" using an original apple wall plug in power adapter and several other power adapters.provides data connection for synching with itunes on windows laptop.
when i first got the cable they works good. but after a week into using them they stopped working. all 3 of them stopped working. do not buy them they feel cheap and they arnt good
the title says it all. it worked for about 6 weeks, then it quit. spend the money to get a better one. do not buy this cord.
they stopped working right away. its not worth the money. they are like disposable cables. not a good choice if you ask me. i bought 4 of them at once. i still have them all. but none of them work.
do not waste your money on this crap! it is a complete waste of money. i bought this in the summer it worked for a couple o months then it started working less until i eventually stopped working period. didn't even last 6 months
you get what you pay for. lol this product is a waist of time dont order it.2 thumbs down. just threw it in the trash.
very flimsy, the cord came apart from plug. the amazon brand replacement plug is very well made & a much better choice.
this product is very hard to plug into and remove from my ipod and ipad both.  it will not charge either device.  simply doesn't work.
both the charger and the cable failed after about a week.  you really get what you pay for, i would suggest investing in the cables that have the warranties.
worked for a few days, and then stopped charging."does not support accessory" message!  i wouldn't trust this cord any more times.
it broke within a day and i had to return it, not even close to worth it even with the low cost.
do not get this! it really broke within a week. one day i plugged my phone up n it wouldn't charg unless i twisted the cord
cable did not charge my ipad at all and had to push the cable into the 30 pin dock connector end to get it to charge my iphone. cable was also used, small scratches and smudges. just spend a little more and get the amazonbasics cable.
dont buy it!!!it stop working the 1st week i bought it.i also bought car charger so i had to charge my ipod in my car.its not a good product to buy.
this is a cheap connector that will work with iphones. sort of.  sometimes i would have to plug it in and disconnect it several times before it would charge.  not a good buy.
my iphone says "charging is not supported with this accessory". or something like that. bah humbug! i have bought other after market accessories that do work so how is one supposed to know???
whatever you do do not by this i baught 2 of them and they ruined my iphone 3gs and ipod touch 4g they made them so they won't connect to chargers anymore and won't connect to computers
wow! these do not charge & they get hot. super hot. don't waste your dollar. i wish i would have read more reviews first.
i recieved the cord in a timely matter but when i went to plug it in to my computer and iphone it started on fire!! very displeased.
this quit working several weeks after buying it. and i only used it in my car, but it quit in both home and car.
my charger does not work, the seller contacted me to see what was the problem they were going to solve it. see if i can get another one
this was a very bad product. it broke within the first week of use. the red and black wire (internally) detached themselves from the main chargingpoint, causing zero charge. i am very ungreatful and will never order from this client ever again
broke the same day! tried once and it disassembled in hand! very disappointed. it visually looks like the apple oem cable but its just a super bad copy that breaks the same day!
these cables did not even last a week.i bought three of them and they were all broken after a few days of using them.spend a little bit more and get more.
it works when it wants to. it will work, then say it is an unauthorized accessory, but then you unplug it, plug it back in, and works like a charm.
i ordered two of them.1) one is not charging at all, and when i tried to plug out and plug it back in, the connectors came out, and broke :(2) it is very delicate, and you have to handle with care.
cable arrived and didn't work with an iphone 3gs, 4 or ipad. also didn't work with a classic ipod. tried multiple charges also and tried to connect to pc. no luck.
the usb and charger i purchased was too big and did not fit my iphone 4 dock. so i should return it.
this does not even fit my son's iphone. it was cheap. i should have know. will know better next time.
doesn't work! it doesn't charge so im really disappointed but since it was really cheap anyways  im just over it
can't use for my iphone 4s and ipod. it's bad product.  plug does not match&#65292; this is knock off and substandard.
ordered two of these and one of them didn't work. wouldn't take the risk of buying another when there's a 50 50 chance of it working. what a shame.
never even received the product.  oh well, 2 dollar loss isn't terrible although it was really annoying checking my mail each day hoping to finally have a new cable for my phone.
there's a reason why it's cheap.  from the first time we plugged this into the phone it would not charge.  save your money and your time (4 weeks to ship) and buy something else.
the product does not work at all. i tried to conect it to my ipod, but nothing happened. don't waste your money.
never buy this. it stopped working in 10 days. i first thought my iphone has some problem as the charger was looking clean. but later realised its the charger.no no no!!
i have an iphone 3gs and this charger does not work with my phone.  it says &#34;charging not supported with this accessory&#34;.
i purchased two of these cables from bohotronics on amazon.com.  neither of the two cables i received work with any of my apple devices: ipod touch (latest gen), iphone 4, and ipad (original, ipod nano (4th gen).  they are too cheap to worry about returning.
first time using the cable, pulled at housing to remove from itouch and the plastic separated from the end, pulling the wires out of the metal connector.  wow, what a pos.  returned to amazon on principle.
i am still waiting on this order. it has now been 37 days. i hope it shows up soon!! i honestly didn't realize it was coming from hong kong, so i understand the shipping delay, but it just seems like a long wait.
i bought several   these cables simply don't work   they are junk. i've used them with several computers and ipods and if i were the suspicious type i would swear they are "fake".
made reallly cheap. cord broke in one day. save your time and money and just buy a real one from apple. not the stupid chinese.
if they had a negative star this would get it.  ordered this item in december 2011.  i received it in feb 2012.  it stopped working after the first use. they need to add to the description "good for only one use".
these do not work recharging phones. not sure what the deal is, but i've tried them on different spots (imac, direct connection through an outlet) and they occasionally work but mostly not. poor quality.
this charging cable does not work for ipad. like what it says on the title, it only syncs and charges iphone.
doesn't work.  after connecting to the mac, it works for a short while, and then the connection stops.
i purchased this thing and it came early yeah claps for that. the thing was coming apart already and it did not fit into my ipad i had to force it in but still didn't go in this thing it pure trash!
this cable does not work!!!  it plugs in to the charger and device, but it will not charge the device.
i needed a replacement cord, but this will not fit into the phone.  it is completely useless, at least for $1.53 it was a cheap investment.
i bought two and both dont do nothing waste of money and i bought it due to the length both dont charge!
junk.  part of a package deal, did not work on 2 different iphones, threw away.  not worth trouble of requesting adjustment.
poor chinese quality. don't bother putting money down for this. i guess the general rule of thumb is, if it's electronics that has to be shipped through hong kong, look elsewhere.
got two cords   one worked for three days, then the casing tore up while it sat in my bag.  the second cord has never worked.  don't bother.
i ordered two cuz i had older cords that needed replaced the first one was ruined in three days time and the second one lasted about two months but was mangled and salvaged, i guess thats what you get for ordering something from across the world for super cheap
when i used this cord, it only worked for maybe one charge, then simply stopped charging my device. i would not reccomend this product to anyone
even though this is a very good price this charger isnt worth it. it took way to long to arrive. and when it finqlly had arrived it wasn't compatiable
the cord is supposed to work with ipods, but it did not charge my ipod touch. didn't work when plugged into a computer, and didn't work when connected to a wall charger.
all you have to do is read what everyone else has written. mine died after 3 days. it didn't come apart or anything, it just quit working.
this charger is horrible. it took forever to get here, it takes forever to charge, and there's already a short in it to where i have to lave the cord a certain way for it to charge my phone.
this fell apart before the first time i tried to use it.  the wires just fell out of the connector.
i choose this rating, because the data cable was not compatible with my iphone 4, even though it was advertised as being compatible.
won't fit with life proof case. i guess i should've researched more.
product had a great price and long leadtime for delivery. i was not in a big hurry, so leadtime did not matter. you get what you pay for. worked for about a month and now does not work now. i think it came from china.
doesn't fit well in iphone or ipod, its too tight. after using for a couple of months, my iphone stopped charging. it ruined the charging port of my iphone.
based on my experience, i will just pay more for the real thing. i have ordered two and they both have broken within a short time!
i bought these because my cables keep splitting. of the three i bought not a single one worked. total rip off.
i have an iphone 4s and this cable does not work. the phone is not recognized when i plug into a usb.
they never worked i orderer others and they don't work either so i went to apple store to buy them. why are they selling these usb cords when they don't work i just waisted my money
this product stopped working after using it for 1 week of normal usage. horrible product quality and wouldn't recommend it.
not work for my ipod touch 4  !! so bad !! and not work for iphone 4 too !no good ,just junk !!
dont buy this item iv been waiting for more than a month and still havent got this i dont even think ima get it :(
it took forever to get it in the mail and at the end it did not work. i plugged it in to my iphone and did not charged
after waiting all that time it didn't even work,so i ended up just buying a new charger.i will no longer trust items under $1.00
i consider this very terrible and not what i expected. guess that's why it is cheap.  a waste of time and money.
this lasted me for a very short time period before i needed to order another charger.  not worth the money, no matter how cheap.
i bought two of this and they both died in one month.  i don't recommend to buy this product.  bad, very bad
ok, it was cheap but the fit is extremely bad and each time i plug this into my apple, my apple lose power.  there must be something wrong with this product, it should not be sold.
this cable looks exactly same as the cable for my ipad and iphone. but it does not charge my iphone 4 and ipad 2. what a waste! i am very disappointed.
right when i plug it in and tried to pull out it broke like a twig. i don't recommend this
doesn't work. looks like a real apple product, does not work at all. says not compatible with your phone at all.
i didn't bother to return it. but it never worked as it doesn't charge iphone at all. please avoid this product.
i purchased 3 usb sync cords, and none of them fit onto any of my iphone 4s's. product does not work, and seller lacks any ability to admit that they shipped me a crap%y product. do not ever use this seller
cheap cables that will tear up in days.  i bought this cheap trash, and within two days, they didn't work with my iphone 3gs.  garbage.
never got a chance to use it. the 30 pin broke off in my purse first day. do not purchase!!! but for a buck what do you expect.
i just bought it 2 weeks ago, it doesn't work right now. also, i think it is imitated, because the connector doesn't fit to apple's products.
do not buy it doesnt even fit the dock dimensions and it is way to tight. it got stuck and we had to pull and the cord ripped!!!
i have 3 apple devices so i decided to buy 3 of these and from every time i used them they would break not worth it
i had this charger for a week and two days but on the second day it stopped working!!!what a piece of crap i would recommend that nobody buys this crap ass charger
worked for 3 days then never worked again. was very disappointed with this product. would not recommend to anyone at all.
do not buy these cables coz none of them worked, no wall or car charging nor sync with macbook. you will be prompted on your iphone and ipad that it's an "incompatible accessorie".
broke after a week. thought i was getting a good deal, turns out i got scammed!!if i had read other online reviews first i would have known not to buy it. warning do not buy this.that is all.
part does not work on iphone. the connector has loose contact and no electrical connection.i bought two parts and both are useless.
product never worked. i purchased two of them do i would have an extra, received error message when plugged into my device.
the product did not work as promised.it did not fit my iphone 3g, so had to return it back. amazon was prompt in returning the refund.
this case is supposed to have dust screens at the bottom of it to protect the speakers from dust and debris. it does not! that's why it's so friggin cheap!
dont buy this case got one bout a month ago and had my phone in it and it still cracked the back of my iphone
i'm super clumsy, which is why i invested in an otterbox. i've dropped it 3 times and each time it has smashed my screen and only got worse with each drop. otterbox is worthless if it falls screen down. falling on the side, top or bottom, this works great.
the rubber sides make it hard to slide in pocket. will not purchase another one of these products ever again.
hated this. difficult to get on and off, particularly off. bulky. traps dirt. screen protector it comes with is hideous and needs to be torn from the body unless you like to see hues bubles of air moving around on your screen all the time. ended up throwing it away.
it it obvious thats this was not the original genuine case.when received glass was scratched and dirty. things fell of the product.
i never bought this product because it is way too big and bulky and i did not like it. ty
first off, its near impossible to get open, the instructions are weak to non existant, go buy something else, maybe a ziplock bag.
very disappointed. might have been a very early cover but nothing like my current real otterbox. no moveable flaps. no screen cover. it's not worth paying postage to return.
it would be great for anyone who needs protection against breakage because of dropping it or carelessness.the protective screen was too hard so i had difficulty hitting the right letter.
too heavy and was not what i wanted.  i actually bought two but was at least able to return one since i had not opened ot.
offers good protection;extremely difficult to hear phone ring ;next to impossible to feel vibrate;difficult to hear conversation
broke on the first week now has been sitting in my room collecting dust. outer plastic rips easy, and case breaks if you take it off don't get this product. buy from the otter box store.
i you want your slim iphone looks like a walkie talkie buy this if you don't want your slim iphone looks like please don't buy it.you are looking for hard case for travel or contrucction buy it
have only had product less than a months and clip broke while on my belt
the clear screen cover sticks to the screen and looks blotched.good strong case and clip.kind of expensive. was expecting it to be more high quality.
my son loves this case.  i charge my phone in an ihome.  it did not fit with this case and it's too hard to take it out of the case.  i also use the apple bluetooth earpiece.  the charger cord for it does not fit either.
cover caused static and echo for recipients of calls. in addition, protective film caused oily spots on screen. company refunded $ after 3 phonecalls and 2 emails.
i could not stand the grease marks on the screen so i returned the item.
the case did not fit the phone. it was a cheap knock off and not worth the $20 i spent to get it.  go straight to apple, they can find something that fits.
this thing pushes on the bottom of the phone, making the phone think i'm constantly pushing the home button. my gf dropped her otterboxed iphone and it broke instantly. this thing couldn't be a bigger piece of crap if it were elected to congress.
accidentally purchased this item.  tried to cancel purchase less than one hour after and it would not let me.
voyager + will not charge,, brand new, all the reviews were good,, until i rechecked and found that others  had the same problem also
an absolute waste of money and time. does not fit comfortably behind the ear, impossible to fit while driving (or doing anything else for that matter) , poor bluetooth connectivity.
this headset is worst in wind then my old plantronics !!!dont buy it save your money
plantronics voyater that i got recently via amzon is good product to use for but i brought it for $72 and now within 30 days of purchase it became $50.this really pains.
i liked it until it died for no reason after less than two months of light use.after reading the plantronics sounding board online i realized i was not alone.
the sound was great to me. the piece of junk quit taking a charge about 2 months into its life. i bought two of the cheaper ones(242) at wal mart and they also broke a week later. the voyager pro i bought at best buy. is everything junk these days?
this bluetooth sucks dont buy it dosn't work like it supposed to i wish i could return it and get my money back
the audio quality of this headset is good to excellent, but who cares.  the fit is so bad that the headset just flops around in my ear.  extremely annoying.  i do not recommend this product.
totally dissatisfied with this product when i'm listening to music and start walking the transmission is cut with movement, really poor
unlike the first one i bought directly from best buy, this shipment was likely refurbished. it was noisy and staticky.
i am so disappointed, the 510 is a great headset but the pro is just plain uncomfortable.do yourself a favor and don't buy this product; the technology might be great but the ergonomics are horrible.i plan on returning mine and using my old and "comfortable" 510.
after 4 months of use, the charging port broke off of the circuit board. the was absolutely no strain relief. it was just tacked on by the solder connection.
this bluetooth lasted me less than a week. i have had over 15 and i was really interested in the dual speaker for clarity and pick up. not worth the price, the setup is flimsy and cheap. broke very quickly.
10 days after my return window expired the blue tooth would not charge anymore. it only lasted me a month. i would not recommend this device.
eglobal wireless sent mine in plastic bags and photocopied instructions.  buyer beware!!!  waste of $80 even if you do get free shipping, you'll waste your money.  what a very very shady company.
this product usage was about 30 days before it broke. i would like a replacement or a refund. not a happy camper.
worked well for eleven months, then it would not connect to my phone. tried connecting from device to phone, from phone to device, deleting device and re installing no luck.wouled not buy again.plantronics voyager pro+ bluetooth headset
seems like a nice device otherwise, but it repeatedly says "mute on" in a loud voice during calls when muted.  makes the headset unusable.
had it for about a week and the plug end on the bluetooth broke off so i can't charge or use. waste of money. poor quality.
i just started using this on 5/20/2011.  it is now not taking a charge on 7/5/2011.  not quite what i was looking for.  plantronics also has a very complicated return/warranty process.  i am not happy with this set or plantronics.
i can't believe how terrible this headset is.  it does not fit my ear at all well.  additionally, it is impossible to hear anything and all people say i sound faint. i am using a blackberry bold and would not recommend pairing it with this headset.
blue tooth would charge but would not pair after a few months.  going to stick with motorola products from now on.
this the worst online purchase i have ever had and will definitely ever have.keep the money and i dont and no longer want the headset.i wonder what you guys are doing on amazon.pls do not contact me because i will not take off this review.
the unit worked very well at first. then it stopped charging. the charging portion became loose and the unit now beeps constantly    needs charge.
if you are a 15 year old girl with tiny ears, this device will actually fit and you will really hear something.  if you are over 20 or have large ears, the headphone button will never stay even near your ear canal.
the plastic that attaches the earbud/boom section to the section that wraps around the ear broke after just 1 year!!! what a rip off!
after 3 weeks of light use, this unit died  would not charge. i returned it under warranty and received a refurbished one. this died in 3 months  again, would not charge. will avoid plantronics voyager pro in the future.
i have used 4 plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headsets, have loved them, and have been constantly disappointed with the life of the units.  this last one stopped functioning in a month.need i say more!!
i don't recom this item i got it, worked only 2 week then start you can't hear good, im trucker i can't hold my cell all times. im not happy with it
supose to be complitly new, never open.  really its a refulbish or somthing like that. im having 8 years buying plantronics hands free and never had one so bad like this one. you cant hear anything. its beter to use the phone speaker
bought thinking this would be superior product. broke just after 2 weeks. i didn't have the time or energy to send it back to amazon. do not buy this one. the cheaper ones from samsung/lg seem to work much better.
this may be an outstanding ear piece, but if you have small ears, or if your ears are close to your head, you will never get this thing on your ear, not to mention it won't stay.  i was so frustrated, i sent it back within days.
was shipped a pro+ when i specifically ordered the regular version which costs more than the pro+. one of the replacement earbuds is already missing a prong and will not stay in
i did not receive the product till now.i donno why?? its like one month.i hate it and i stop ordering from amazon
have this headset for a little over a year. headset no longer turns on or charges. dead, and out of warranty. very dissapointing.
the unit that i received did not charge and i returned the item. i have heard from others who own one that they like it very much. unfortunately, my unit never worked. that is why i gave it one star.
the gel never fits properly. it keep revolving around the year and falling.the earpiece went bad in less than a year. it wouldnt charge and wouldnt switch on.
went beck after one day.  from the first call (i phone 4) it stunk.  people on the other end of the line complained i sounded like i was in a can, echo, kept asking me to repeat, etc. *sigh*
bought this in january 2009 and now it's dead.  it won't accept a charge and now just a useless gold earpiece.  it should have lasted longer than 4 months.
i think this thing was either refurbished, used, returned. who cares i ordered two of  these from two different carriers and this one stopped working about 2 months after i had it. i may have only used it about 7 times.
from the day i received this product it never worked. i tried to get it to pair but it wouldn't. unfortunately i used the power cord at work for my phone and it grew legs, so i was unable to return the product.
looks ok but bigger than expected. terrible fit in the ear, none of the the supplied earpieces are effective or comfortable. paired up ok with the samsung omnia but sound quality is disappointing and people complain they cannot hear. wind noise completely obliterates speech. go with blueant.
i was happy when i first saw this produc, because it looked so fancy, but it is broken within 2 months. not worth the money
this product never worked. it was a total waste of my time. i don't think i would ever purchase again.
cool looking and broke within the first week.  jawbone 2 and blue ant have been the best for me thus far
this bluetooth does not take a charge and is constantly beeping 3 times in my ear. just thought it was a much better product. not a good buy at all.
although i bought a replacement discovery 925 from a local dealer and it works fiine, the gold earpiece i purchased through amazon never worked.  unfortunately, i discarded the packaging and packing information so i cannot return it.
nice while it worked.  i e mailed amazon for info on how to get it repaired or replaced, but received no answer.still waiting
never got it to work, wouldn't power up. be careful when you buy it. i left it charging for a whole day and it seems like it won't charge
maybe is was just this particular earpiece.  it came in a nice box and it looks really good.  the problem was that everybody said i sounded like i was in a tunnel.i didn't have a chance to test this on another phone.  but i wasn't happy.
the item does not work. the merchant sent a replacement that does not work. the merchant assured me the matter would be resolved, but it has not.
i have purchased the plantronics discovery 925 bluetooh earpiece back in november 2011, i have used it for around 10 times max and all of a sudden now i can no longer hear anything with the ear piece.another earpiece just bit the dust :(
this headset is terrible. the ear plugs are uncomfortable. it is not simple to operate. the people on the other end can never hear me. i had a $40 bluetooth headset i was using and i am going back to that one   it worked better than this pricey one.
it did not work. i could hear incoming but they couldnt hear me. i did like the convince and will be buying another one
its mic failed in a day.  returned it and lost some dollars in shipping.  got unlucky once a while?
this thing stopped working after about 3 months. what an awful waste of money it was. it just died one day for no reason.
i m going to return the product again cause i can hear but people they can not hear me at all, this is my second one and i m thinking to change product
the unit does not fit my ear evne trying all three different ear bus provided.and it is proe to easily fall out since this is no loop option to place over the ear.
had the earpiece for one day.  i could hear an echo of my voice when i spoke.  my wife said she could barely understand me and hung up.  i took the ear piece back the next day and bought the plantronics voyager pro.  great sound quality.
i charged the case for many hours and it wouldn't charge. it also wouldn't charge the bluetooth because the case wouldn't charge . i returned the product back to amazon and got a refund
fuzzy sound made this so frustrating that i never use it. i wish i'd returned it while i could have.
the plantronics discovery bluetooth earpiece does have excellent sound quality. i was forced to return it to amazon.com because it would not stay in place in the ear. had it been designed with some type of earhook to keep it in place, it would have been a "keeper."
this is one of the worst bluetooths i've had.  i thought i'd try it for the price but as the saying goes, &#34;you get what you pay for&#34;.
it didn't last 2 weeks  the plug in kind are the cheapest and the only ones you can ever count on.
i'm about to return my second unit. after a couple of weeks it won't take a charge. customer support has not been able to help.great sound quality while it worked, though.
i was very disappointed in this item as it didn't work. i don't think  it was new, although it stated that it was. it only came with one earpiece and was in a plastic bag with a small piece of paper with limited instructions.
after a week the battery won't hold a charge.  sending it back and not happy about it.
i ordered the plantronics earpiece for my mother and tried connecting it to about five different compatible devices. and couldn't get it to connect properly activate. don't know what happen but had to go to the store and buy one much higher.
the fit is uncomfortable  and the audio quality is terrible almost ever person i spoke to told me they had a hard time hearing me and the back ground was horrible even indoors
this product was dead from time zero. it did not even come on. i charged the battery for several hours thinking it was battery issue, but alas ! i bought a brick for one hundred dollars. how smart of me.
got it couple of years ago, used it now and then.  was happy until now.looks that all the controls work, but suddenly no sound coming out.
we ordered two of these, one came without the charging case, the other looked as though it had been used, it had small tears on it, and the earpiece itself was scuffed and looked like someone else had used it, and possibly returned it. we returned them.
bah humbub in may!  bought this just before christmas .now it's dead!  don't waste your money.  this items is garbage!!!
fit and incoming audio are fine.  outgoing speech is garbled and fades in and out, to the point that i have to turn it off and go hands on with the phone.  needless to say, i'm very disappointed.  don't buy this one, there are better performing units out there.
this product doesn't work. if you buy this product you should consider ordering it with a wire because the bluetooth portion of this phone is not good. i wouldn't recommend this earpiece to anyone.
the product has a big problem builtin, it falls off your ear!! this happens when you are walking, have packages in your hands or driving. you are better off not using it!!!!! your best bet is buying a different bluetooth!!!!!!!!
i owned this product since april. it no longer works or accepts a charge. it would connect then lose its connection. quality of audio was fair, but it is not worth the price.
well, my earpiece is dead. i almost got two years out of it. i guess i shouldn't expect much more out of my $50.00. thanks!!!
never could get it to stay in my ear.  after about 3 days, i lost it completely and had to buy something else.
even the smallest ear adapter was way to large. i had to return it.  it didn't come close to fitting in my ear and even then wouldn't stay in place.
my first 925 was purchased two years ago and the sound quality was great.  the noise in the newer production of the same model is so great as to make the unit unfit for use.
the item worked fine until it stopped charging after 3 months of minimal use (1 to 2 x a week). if i'm reading amazon's return policy correctly, electronic items only carry a 30 day return period so i basically wasted $45.
i had this bluetooth for four days.  it worked perfect, paired easily, and sounded great.then all of a sudden, it just stopped working.  it wouldn't recharge, wouldn't turn on.it did nothing.
the plantronic discovery 925 bluetooth earpiece is not turning on anylonger. i have charge the product for 3days without success. it seem to me that this is defective product that needs to reveiwed by the producer. any assistance will be helpful in resolving this issues.thanks,valentine.
i receive this bluetooth headset and it's doesn't even work right. the other line can't hear me why does this foo sent me a defective device i'm disappointed
doesn't work. will be sending back. tried pairing it up over 10 times with iphone, which is with verizon, and it didnot work with phone. expecting a refund back when i get the cd back to send with the rest of items. thank you anyway.
headset has quite bad microphone; people complain much more than with my old motorola headset about the voice quality and amount of noise. not worth the price.
this thing worked fine for about a week! now i have to constantly re connect it to the phone and battery life is very short!!  spend a little more and get your moneys worth.
i did not like this earpeice it was huge and kept falling off my ear i gave it to my grandma shes happy with it.
received the plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset that was said to be new but only the ear plugs were new. the bluetooth and the charger had obvious usage (dirty tip and loose parts)
this product has a terrible connection, is bulky, doesnt fit on my ear, has small buttons and i never use it.  bad purchase
i found the ear piece to be very awkward on the ear and the buttons were difficult to use.  i used it for about a month and gave up on it.  sound wise it was hard to hear if there was any background noise.
doesn't work most of the time. charge runs out quickly. charger plug proprietary so you can't even buy an extra or car charger. when it does work (not often) it is great with clear loud sound.get a motorola.
i tried this headset after being very dissappointed with a motorola headset i purchased.  this headset is just too bulky and akward to use.  in addition i did not work when dialing calls.  i've since returned it and bought another one.
this is bad real bad the back ground noise is awfull static wind i do not recommend.and i am returning it for a refund.
this unit is way too delicate. the microphone stopped working and i got it replaced under warranty  then the second one broke too and i just gave up! and i did not put the unit through unusual wear and tear. terrible.
had a 510 a couple years ago  and it was just fine. new one people say is noisy and distorted. obviously im not pleased.
it loses it signal to often even though i have it right here on my waste band one foot away from the phone and both batteries are charged to full capacity. i love the fit on my ear, this item needs to be upgraded
at first i thought it was me, but it wasn't. i bought 2 of these over the period of a year. the rubber comes undone from the ear plug and the wires get split and broken, and then it's all over.
we have had several voyager 510s and loved them   our latest one is now outside the 30 day return window by a few days and it's not holding a charge. will have to find a new bluetooth   don't trust the 510s any longer.
i returned this product, it did not work as well as i thought it wood. people i was talking to said there was too much background noise,said it sounded like i was in a cave. this is the first time i ever returned anything to you. thank you dean showers
disappointing battery life. disappointing volume level. disappointing on/off button. i would not recommend this headset to anyone.
the product has terrible audio quality with the macbook pro.  plantronics claims that it only works with cell phones.
i bought this product and charged it per the instructions.  i paired well with my new iphone and felt comfortable to wear.  the very first time i went to use this head set it stopped working.  it will not power up at all.
like every other blue tooth headset i have tried, nobody can understand me when i use it.  i've switched to a corded headset.
the product worked very well for nearly two months, and then it died.  the battery ran down, even though the charger worked, and could never turn on again.  a waste of money.
the plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth was easy to load and comfortable to wear.  the device was anoying as it flashes all night while being charged.  the plantronics voyager 510  has stopped working.  it has turned out to be a real dissapointment.
don't buy this nor jawbone black, both turned out to be too noisy when they were supposed to eliminate noise.i'm better off with the ear phones. sri m
purchased dec07.  as of apr08, broken!  won't hold a charge.  used it only a few times.  not a good deal!
the ear piece and loop are very large and cumbersome and difficult to adjust for both ears.seemed ok at first but kept losing my bluetooth connection this treo and finally crapped out completely.will return and try again.
this works but the geniuses at plantronics put a flashing blue light alongside your laptop, so plan on ducttaping it, unless you like this thoughtless distraction.
earpiece has multiple places that it breaks/comes apart.  i superglued it twice but finally the wires inside gave way.  i would recommend getting the older version of the bluetooth as it will last longer and the sound quality is better.
my clients said they could tell if i was talking on a landline or cell phone.
this headset worked great for a couple of months, and then promptly ceased all operation. i do not recommend it to anyone.
the earpiece works well.  you can hear the other parties on your call very well.  however, the microphone is really quite poor.  to the person(s) on the other end of your call, your voice will sound very muffled.  not worth the purchase price.
not that happy with this item. it often disconnects in the middle of a call.
this product the plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth was doa. it never worked nor would it charge. however, the company that sold it was very good at refunding my money.
bought one, it arrived broken.  exchange piece arrived and was also broken, same problem.  broken power button.
i've had to replace this headseat 3 times because the batteries stop recharging.  totally not worth the price, headache or hassle.
i got this product and after just one use it doesnty work porperly . it makes me very unhappy. how do i get a refund?
all of the people i tried talking to while using this said that is wasn't clear and that they couldn't hear me well. therefore, i didn't use it that much so i do not recommend it.
nothing but static. could have been a solvable technical problem, but i did not want to deal with technical issues from the outset. what i really wanted was hands free, not necessarily wireless, so i used the hands free headset supplied with the treo and am satisfied with that.
the hands free device starts out working great, but ours began to lose functions one by one less than 24 hours after we got it. which, by that time, we had thrown the packaging away.
i have a hard time getting this to stay on my ear but it does have great sound.  probably just my ear.
i have a samsung cell phone and the headset does not work with it.  it also quite bulky and it looks a lot uglier than it looks in the picture.
fully charged, paired, etc. it would work if i held it next to the phone instead of wearing it on my ear. why am i not able to give 0 stars?
not work.
this product claims that it has the clearest reception.  it also claims that it reduces wind sound.  it does not.  it is terrible.  i couldn't understand anyone using this product.  i don't understand because there were so many good reviews.
quite a disappointing product i bought it to use with my laptop as it has bluetooth and only to find out it cannot connect with my model and after spending 10 on an adaptor for the charger (as i live in england) i cannot use it.
the headset was comfortable but after 2 weeks of use, it started to fall apart. the volume buttons were off and it just did not work. had to return it though.
product was not what i was expecting. it is very large. you look like a 411 operator! reception is not what it should be. i would select a different product.
performance was fine until the device stopped working.  no damage to it.  can't say why.  i am hopeful that plantronics will replace it.  we'll see.
the headset would not turn on even after charging as instructed. it would turn on when plugged into the wall while charging, but would just not turn on when i attempted to use it normally. must be some defect in the power up component. had to return it.
this product is hard to turn on.  the sound is very distorted and breaks up.  the people on the other end can't hear you at all.  i returned this item, as it was useless.
this over the ear bluetooth did not fit my small ear. i didn't even try a call & so i can't speak to the quality.  i returned the product & went with the tritton visor clip bluetooth device and love it!
wish i had never bought it. most of the time it cannot to my cell phone in my pocket 2 3 feet away!
received this product today. the pairing was quite easy with my blackberry 7520. sound quality is good, but the disappointment came when i heard noise (popping sound) in my ear piece during conversations.i've tried logitech and plantronics.next is jabra. will let you know.
worst piece of electronics i've ever bought. static through the set constantly and evenworse if you move away from the the source by no more than a foot. junk
didn't work with my treo 700p. called plantronics   they said doesn't work with this phone. pretty popular phone, would've helped if something was mentioned in the promo on this.
i thought about driving save with this device, but actually i only got nervous. i wasted my little money with this earpiece. i can barely hear anything with it, it breaks up all the time.
i ordered three of these from amazon and 2 of them did not work.  the one that did work was fine.  when i called they told me it was a "dead unit" and i could return them for a replacement.
it doesn't work.  great quality when it does, but half the time it spontaneously disconnects from my new lg phone.  i can't even use it.
all i can say is that it is huge (on me and my husband) and that it didn't seem to sit inside my ear, just hover over it. i don't know how well it works because i shipped it back after trying it on.
my friend recommended this product to me and he was right it works great. i tried so many more before i decided on this one. a little bulky but for the clarity you get i can live with that.
consumer reports must be loosing it. why they recommended the plantronics 510 i will never understand.  this unit is not just heavy it is so big, one would have to have dumbo ears to use it. i would return it if i could.
i'm now having my second one of these replaced under warranty in the last 2 years.  the quality of the headset is great when it's working, but it doesn't last more than 6 months.
dead battery would not charge
pure junk. horribly designed  you can't help but mash the buttons when trying to adjust them or take them on or off, and a few months after i bought them the + on the volume button stopped working.
although the sound is good, when the pads are right against the ear, the frame is so flimsy, it does not fit right.
i'll never buy a motorola product again. besides the unit malfunctioning after a short time, customer service shipped the warranty unit to the incorrect address.
i've had the headphones for less then two months and i'm working on my third pair. the headphones are ok when functioning but don't wear them outside or inside otherwise they break. i say this to say they were defective right out of the box twice now. be ware.
out of the box, these things were crap. they would never charge fully, were difficult to sync with my phone, and died on me 3 miles into a half marathon which was the 3rd time i had used them. they may be inexpensive, but there's a reason why.
these worked well initially, but after only a little bit of use, they stopped pairing with the device despite playing the sound indicating that they correctly paired.  a co worker of mine who i recommended these two started having the exactly same issue as well.
it's battery stopped charging after two days using it. it happened with other customers besides me, so if you like taking risks, buy it. otherwise, don't.
even with a fully charged battery, these headphones randomly turned themselves off every 2 3 minutes when paired with my macbook pro.  when they did work, the sound quality was pretty poor.  i expect better from motorola.  i'm sending them back to amazon.
buyer beware. do some research off amazon about the battery issues. google: "motorokr s305 red light". you'll see a consistent problem in which the battery which is supposed to be rechargeable dies after about 30 60 days, after the return window of course. this is a flawed product.
this is my 3rd set of motorola bluetooth headphones. all have failed, this last set under a month after the return window closed on amazon. the problem is that they will eventually fail if the controls get wet from sweat. not a good design for anyone who works out.
even sitting in front of my computer, the headphones will stop playing for a second or two at a time. i have this problem with two computers and my phone, so i'm blaming the headphones. they're comfortable, but that's meaningless if they keep dropping the signal.
worked great for the first 3 days. then it died. now i have to wait over a month (back ordered) to get a replacement from amazon. not very impressed.
after 3 units all with battery problems, gave up on this product.  thumbs up to amazon customer service.  thumbs down to motorola on this one
after couple of days i had to send it back, because it it did not hold a charge and as a reuslt did not turn. volume was low, too.
hi,i used the motorola s9 previously which failed after three months of use. i now got this model and this has failed within one week of use. the sound is good, but the quality is terrible.
it disconnects lots of time.
this is not a quality product. it has a cheap plastic feel to it. mine broke the first time i used it. i'd guess it costs about 5 bucks to make in china.
i tried 2 different sets with htc thunderbolt. music cuts out to the point where it is off more than it is on. unusable. thunderbolt works fine with other bluetooth devices.
bought a pair and they were great, so bought a second pair for my husband, the second pair stopped working at 26 days, but the first pair stopped working after 45 days. i can only return the second set.  i am out $35
i like the headphones, but i have had to return 2 and the third one won't charge after only a few weeks of use.  my concern is that they are not good if you use them to work out and you sweat.
the way they fit doesn't work for me. guess i have too biga ears??? though they are one of the highest rated bt's out there.
i purchased 3 pairs of thes headphones. 1 for me & the others i gave away as gifts. unfortunately they are all broken. the volume button gave out 1st. then they all stop charging.
very poor headset!the s305 is not working well with many devices, such as my sony erricson cell phone.i need to try again and again to pair the cell phone & s305.  useless product!
junk would not recommend. they quit holding a charge after 3 months. the sound is horrible. speakers also got scratchy after a bit of use.
these headphones failed well before their time.  i would not purchase these again.  they are cheaply made.  nothing more to say
i'm running windows 8 and after paring the headset with my pc it was choppy and wouldn't play sound properly. according to the microsoft website and forums this head set doesn't work with windows 8. if you are using windows 8 avoid this!!!microsoft website:[.]
the pairing to my phone was easy. the sound was good.  the battery life after charge was extremely well. the problem with this headset is after a month of play it stopped working.
really bad battery life, connection was lost more often that i liked. will not buy this thing again. what's more, i'm not sure i will buy bluetooth headsets again.
they were great when they where working.  however, after a few months they stopped working, no longer charge. not sure if it matters, i do use them for exercising
'nuff said. i don't even know why i'm bothering wasting energy writing words on such a useless product. i was using it for a day, then the next day no sound came out the second ear. xplain.
was excited when i got then because of generally good reviews from other customers. synced them with my itouch and jump on a treadmill. they stopped working 15 minutes into my run and havent worked since.
this product is horrible. i received it and initially had a horrible time getting it to stay connected to my phone. then, after finally getting it connected the volume buttons stopped working after just two days! i didn't even get to workout with them or anything. very disappointed.
lasted a month for me. was amazingly convenient when i had it but very cheap quality a few drops of sweat on it and it gave me a red light. never turned on again. waste of a lot of money.
awful sound, horrible controls, repeated difficulty pairing   not worth it at any price. i actually threw these away after a few weeks.
this device stopped working after a week.  complete wast of money. used several times for jogging and headphones were done.
i bought this seeing all the good reviews. it maybe good functionally but it is very uncomfortable on the ear. to add to that, this has a plastic feeling and sound when you wear it.
i'm about to order my 6th pair   hopefully these will work.doubt it though.absolute crap headphones!!!
the terrible design of this item is rivaled only by the horrific sound quality.  i can not recommend it to anyone.
these do not hold up to even moderate sweat. i usually make it 4 5 miles before they end up turning off. they will recharge and work normally once they dry out, but for my purposes they were a total waste of money.
initially, they work fine. however,after just a few (10) uses they failed. i had them replaced once, and the new ones also failed after about 8 weeks of once a week use.  customer service had the nerve to say the replacements were "free".time to try another brand.
there's no padding at all: it's a hard piece of plastic sitting on your earlobes.  after wearing these for an hour, my ears feel like they're going to shear off of my head.i didn't expect much for the price, but these are the most uncomfortable headphones i've ever worn.
i am not satisfied with the sound quality, it has a poor sound quality and sometimes creates some disturbing sound. i have to turn off for an hour and then try to use it. i am thinking about returning it soon
if you have windows 7, x64 look elsewhere.  these do not work and motorola offers no support for this issue.
update after 3 monthsthis headphone is dead in exactly 3 months. no support and no way to start it.few aspects that can need improvement1. battery life2. issues with blue tooth setup for iphone5 (works but needs repeated pairing)3. sweat proofing
completely stopped taking a charge after three months, and was unreliable when out on runs of 5 miles or more, losing connection with iphone repeatedly until my frustration eventually had me toss this in the garbage.
headset looks neat, small and very tech like. however, after over 24 hour of charging it kept blinking. you're supposed to disconnect it from power to pair it up with device    but it went dead as soon as i unplugged it. tried again next day, same result. i returned it.
the controls for start, stop, volume, etc are too hard to find without taking the set off defeating its purpose
it has terrible bass and poor sound quality. it also hurt my hear when i wear it for more than 10 minute. it doesn't fit everyone so please be cautious before buying it.
the quality of sound is bad, and there's subtle noise in the background (i'm not sure if this is normal or i just happened to get a broken one. )anyway, putting aside the noise problem, the sound quality itself is far below my expectation and i'm returning the product.
i received me headphones packed great, but when i went to open it up and charge it, it wouldnt charge, and when i looked in the port where it charges, it was all bent up inside!!!!!!
at first i loved it.  about 2 weeks later, the battery started getting a little weak and the sound quality fell off.  within 3 months it didn't work at all.
one of the speakers is no blown and this day and age they should be able to prevent that from happening
2 computers and an iphone. despite taking care to make sure no two devices are attempting to use it at the same time the damn thing keeps evading being useful. for no apparent reason any given device will just stop using it and give a bluetooth error. waste of money.
i used this headset once, when it ran out of juice i recharged it, but the headset didnt take the charge, instead it just blinked red and was completely dead when i tried to use it.thats my experience these headsets
after a few months they stopped accepting the charge. the sound quality is good but i expected them to last longer
purchased this as a gift for my boyfriend. he said they were awful. connection was static y at best and sometimes would not connect at all. returned these after one week.
took it out of its packaging. read the directions. first time i used it, looked like it was going to be a good buy. second day, the fast forward and reverse functions failed to work making it useless to me.
i ordered them over one month ago but so far i don't get them yet so i'm not able to rate it yet
lasted for only one week i am very disappointed. not sure what to do. will not turn over. and now?
worked okay first day. on second day, it needed to be within about one foot of my cellphone. if i place the cellphone in my pocket, or reposition it, bluetooth cuts out. judging from all the similar responses, this is a poorly designed product. motorola wants their name on this?
headset was uncomfortable, could not get use to it, reception for callers was terrible, returned it and would not recommend it.
i love the design and idea of this product. however, they did not work with skype, hangouts, or cisco video software. i can record sound locally, but it's not transmitted. too bad. i need the promised funcitionality.
amazon is the best. did not purchase this headset on amazon. but these are absolutely the worst headset ever purchased.  had to try multiple times to connect and then would for no reason just cut off. did not work from day one. stay away!!!
i purchased it it works in 2 wks and after that it died on me i charged it and it just stayed in red light its not even charging now i cant use it anymore, it sucks
don't buy this product if you sweat at all.these things are not sweat proof. the minute they get wet, they short out.i have replaced 5 of them.
i purchased this a couple of months ago.  it doesn't work now: it won't power up.  it will apparently charge, and show that it is fully charged, but when disconnected from the charger, the power button does not have any effect.  so: caveat emptor.
these worked reasonably well for several weeks. then i went out of town for a few weeks and left them plugged in to charge. this is a no no and destroys the battery. nothing about it in the documentation. bummer man.
control buttons are extremely small and too delicate to control. i used it once, and hate it. i certainly do not recommend this to my friends.
good price, but the sound quality was not that great and it cut out a lot on the audio as well.
could never sit on my ears comfortably enough.  i like headphones that don't feel like they are even there.  plus the bluetooth signal kept giving me headaches.
while on a treadmill the sound cuts in and out, now it does it if you do anything except sit absolutely still.  i definitely would not recommend this item.  i would give it zero stars but amazon will not allow a zero
i bought these for skype, they didnt work well eventhough they said they would. also will not work with rosetta stone products.  i returned them after two days.
cannot get these bluetooth earphones to charge properly even though i am using the supplied cord.the sound is very good and the fit on back of head works well but something wrong with battery charge.
i purchased three of these items, one for myself and two as gifts. the two that i gave out as gifts have alrady stopped working and i will have to send them back.
i was excited when this came ot me and at first it was working great.  then it would not charge anymore after 30 days.
i can get it to sink to my phone but cant hear anything and thay cant hear me so i have tryed to get teck support but cant get any one to help
high noise not usable, you cant not use it cause a background high noise. very bad quality. avoid at all cost
i am on my second exchange right now. the last (2) died on my in the gym for no apparent reason and wouldn't turn back on. motorola was never able to give me a reason as to what could cause such a thing.
you need an average cranium, the sound is not super, the microphone is tinny and people had a hard time hearing me. you can go a long way from the phone and retain connection though!
1st unit failed after 5 6 days. replacement unit didn't even make it to 30 days. this expected from motorola products. my s11 hd failed before 30 days mark as well.
pretty useless bluetooth stereo headset, won't even able to connect to ps3, iphone certifie is joke, i had 3.13 iphone 2g, it only work phone not the music.  pc don't work.  nice design but function has issue.
these used to be my favorite bluetooth headsets. but the last few i have purchased have stopped working after a few intense workouts. the original pair i bought lasted for 2 years. something clearly has changed.
couldn't get it to recharge after one charge. it did last for about a couple months which was impressive. but then that was it. no matter what charger i used it didn't work.
they worked fine until i used them at the gym. the next day the right speaker went out. i don't even sweat that much. junk.returning.
they stopped working after 2 workouts. i'm sure it was due to my sweating. don't buy these for working out.
bought 8/2010, worked great for 5 months now junk.  used when working out so sweat could have shorted out the head phones.  wasted $35.00
broke in 2 days ,,,,, battery is not charging ,,, contacted the vendor support site &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; nothing helpful and no reply from site ,,,,  do not recommend to buy
it was good while working. but it broke after 8 months.also, the plastic motorola use for headband is very poor quality.
this was the 3rd s305 i've purchased.  the first 2 lasted 3 years each, but this one only 5 weeks.  the battery totally drains over night and i have to recharge it every day.  the amazon return window has closed so i'm stuck with this lemon!
i bought this headset because my son has it and loves it.  for some reason it doesn't fit my head properly.  i do like the quality of sound tho.  i'm going to give the headset to my grandson.
bad broke the first week i got them droped 2ft off ground and buttons and left side broke off motorola let me down
these were horrible and i returned them the same day they arrived.they did not stay on. they did not stay connected reliably. the mic quality was abysmal. i could go on but what would be the point? all of its main functionalities were useless.
worst piece of chinese crap i every bought on amazon, okay, not worth the money, controls don't work. thing died completely
these were great while they were working.  they have been worn for running and only lasted a month.  they quit charging and the charging light stays on and wont shut off.  don't recommend these for running!
i had these headphones for 2 days. they are no longer charging (after more than 5 hours), the light is red and they will not turn on.a waste of money that i will not even bother returning.
i bought this product long time ago, i was lazy to return. it is very easy to drop connection to my mac book pro. only thing i can say "not work well".
this item worked perfectly for &lt;2 weeks. then it powered off and wouldn't turn back on again, even with a full charge. i exchanged it for another one, and the second one did the same exact thing. don't waste your time or money with this item!
i'm very angry because i received a used headphone. the volume control button does not work. the outward appearance is frayed. this is the first time i give an 1 star rate. too bad!
constantly loses connection with both phone and pc.  it will show as connected sometimes but it doesn't work.  when it has worked, the sound quality is terrible for calls and music, sounds like speakers are blown. there is also a high pitched noise in the right speaker.
how can it last for less than 30min????? no way. piece of chunk by motorola. oh, and by the way, the battery died during the first month that i used. meaning: had to send back to amazon. not a good experience with it at all.
i dont recommend this product to anyone, after using it for few days i started getting headache and severe pain in ears. it has gone after stopped using it.
i was very excited when i received my headphones. the volume broke the first day of use. save yourself some money and look somewhere else.
i tryed using this item in a veried enviroment and bloody usesless fades in and out cuts off turns off with out warning, take my advise save your money and wait until the r/d is worked out
worked great for a few weeks will still pair up but no sound. from other reviews i have read not worth the trouble to try and return them this is the last motorola product i ever buy period.
i will never buy another blue tooth device. corded headphones are a pain, but at least they work which is more than i can say for the s305.
the s305  is  a. poor excuse for a headset .  the earpiece connections would not. fit a pigmy's head and the on off and volume controls work only now and then.
thought this would be ideal for the gym and it was for the first 5anniversary times. after that it stopped working and wouldn't take another charge. very disappointed but amazon replaced for free. hope this one lasts longer.
horrible headphones, only had a like 2 months and now when i charge the thing it never stops blinking and will not turn on.
do not consider to buy this.i just used 3 4 times and it is done.nerver work again.very disappointed.
thirty minutes into my run, it just stopped and wouldn't turn back on.  plugged it in when i got back to the house and it was fully charged.  could never get it to come back on and connect to my phone again.
  very hard to pair with pc  very bad reception for music  did not work with any of voip apps.  very flimsy, feels like cheap plastic  horrible
i bought these as a gift for my fience. he loved them until he charged them. afte the first charge they did not work anymore.  we are going to try and return.
if you live in a hot climate, or in summer, these will be too hot to use.  they are also a little slow to sync up.  i will buy the in ear model and see.
back head is paining and sound is also not up to mark.value is not meet the cost if product
i would like to know if this product has any guaranty, it's not workinking any more and it is only 2 months since i order it, now i don't know if order another one cause i really loved ii. :(
it hurts just to wear these. couple that with the lag i've experienced with audio while watching a movie and this becomes a quick do not buy!
i had this headset 2 days when something in it started rattling and everything i listened to them they cut in and out. i am very disappointed in this product. i would not recommend this for anyone.
i was excited opening the package. after reading the directions, i plugged the unit in to charge, and waited, and waited, and waited.  the unit never charged.  sent it back. gave it one star   bad quality control   disappointed.
i bought these for hiking and after about five hikes the first one i bought died on me. since they were cheap i bought a second set and those died just after two hikes. do not get these, you'll be wasting your money!!!
great sound quality.volume up and down button broke on the tenth use.makes it completely useless.motorola say they will replace if i send it in.for a $35 part, this seams like a lot of effort.
very disappoiinted in these. only positive i can say is, yes, they are lightweight and comfortable, but after only 3 months they are going into the trash!! no control of the volume any longer.apparently very poor quality buttons.must really think about buying any motorola products!!
purchased via amazon and the first set of headphones refused to turn on.  returned them for a second pair which worked fine for 1 1/2 months (used once a week).  then these too stopped working.  do not buy unless you want them to break.
bought these for a win 7 laptop.  windows cannot find a driver nor can google.  i would not recommend for win 7 devices.
i liked the idea of the wraparound until i got them and they were uncomfortable, then the second day one of the buttons broke so i sent them back. not much or i can say about them
first one stopped charging/working within a week. second one about was about 5 months.sound quality is great! no complaints there. one star due to only lasting 5 months the second go around and now i may not get a refund and have to pay for shipping just to try.buyer beware.
if you are getting these headphones for workout   please don't. they can't handle sweat. it worked for me for six months in my office just fine. after one workout with these, they went dead. should have a warning that these can't handle sweat.
item arrived dead. i followed the exact instructions in the manual and still did not work. waste of time and money!
it does not come with a charge pack. fine, i can use my ipad charger to charge it. however, the charger will not flow thru to the device while charging. have to charge sequentially. no go. returning.
it was broken in a few months.the plug in was just torn down. i can't recharge it this anymore. i would return it.
wouldn't turn on right out of the box. i didn't end up returning it because i didn't want to have to go through the trouble of returning etc. obviously i'm out of time for returns, but i don't recommend it.
battery was used a few times a month and stored fully charged.  after only 8 months, it wont hold a charge.  i suggest you avoid this product.
dead on arrival, the only point i can review otherwise is the charge cord and connector in my opinion won't hold up. amazon return policy is fantastic,
works as advertised but the power in jack is flimsily constructed.  my unit's broke off inside the housing after 1 month.  now useless.  handle recharging of unit with extra care.
got a good deal on the unit but guess what its refurbished and came with the wrong charger too, no wonder it was discounted, but that was never disclosed when i purchased it, i guess its the seller.
i'm sure this product works great, but i wouldn't know, because amazon sent me a t225 instead. the whole reason i wanted it is to connect my phone to a radio station, which the t225 can't do. thanks, amazon.
the charger input breaks after a month rendering the device useless. it looks sturdy, but don't be fooled. its another cheap piece of junk you will have to replace in a month. i wanted to rate it zero stars.
i ordered a new motorokr t505, paid full price plus shipping   and received a used t501, scratched, and repackaged in sandwich bags.beware.
sorry to say the first bad experience i have had but i could not get this to work at all. now bought another item which is fine.
it worked ok for about two months and than just stopped working.  unfortunately i was not aware i could have returned it.
i don't usually read instructions but i had to for this one. and still it kept not working right.using blu tooth with my car was a routine reselect and a disappointment.really can't recommend to anyone.i actually threw it away.  : (
bought less than a year ago.  charged and used maybe 5 times.  now, totally dead.  won't charge, wont' turn on.  of course, warranty is over.  not a quality product.
it is functional. but, the usb port broken very easily. i used the device 5 times and then the port broken.
i ordered this item exactly one month ago, i have written 2 complains, as of today i have not received a note from this vendor explaining what happened to my order. first and last time that i use this vendor.
ordered two motorola t505 devices. got only one, paid for two. did the first review. like the product. but still have not gotten the second device even though they say it was sent two week ago? what is up?
this was not worth the money spent, it worked well but no quality on the design and durability. i asked for a refund but could not after 30 days.
i paid $56.00 for this blue tooth and it broke a week later i need my money refunded and i need to purchase the motorola brand never again will i purchase this product.
the headset is below average quality.  it's difficult to hear and full of static. you must remain within feet of your phone for it to stay clear and audio able. i wouldn't recommend it.
after a second one, i believe there must be something wrong with this product.  after a couple of weeks it just stops connecting to the phone.  i would not even take another chance with this one.
i purchased this headset based on it's company.  i am disappointed with product.  often i miss calls based on the buttons are functioning well.
i bought the "520" on sale at 73% off. and it was still disappointing.  staticky, poor range away from phone (about 10 feet), difficult to use the conrol button.  the "cheapo" bluetooth that came with my phone that the 520 was to replace is far superior.
everyone i talk to using two different cell phones (android and blackberry) say that there is a constant buzzing sound that doesn't go away.
the plantronics voyager 520's volume is so low one can't hear it.  also, it will not recognize voice commands.  total waste of money.
my motorola bluetooth headset was much better. this one has a lot of noise and disconnects easily. doesn't function properly at all if you even a foot away. will not recommend this
there is no real noise reduction for this head piece. no one ever seems to hear me even after the bluetooth is fully charged. a true waste of my money.  i have to purchase another one.
the bluetooth is not good at all. a lot of static when you call or answer your iphone calls. it is even worse when you are driving. not a good bluetooth to have.
not happy with it 1.my 2 year ago motorola had a better connection to my phone 2. cant flash to pickup a beep
this is by far one of the worst bluetooth devices i have ever owned.  the ear piece had a lot of static whether you were on a call or not. i am returning it! horrible!!!!
it has a loose fit around your ear which makes it hard to hear the other person.  also it is extremely limited with features besides just ending the call from the ear peice.
i bought 2 of these at the same time and both have stopped working with in 1 month.would not recommend this product!
when this product showed up it looked used. and by that it was not in the box properly, it was missing the manual and the box was ratty.  did not seem new at all.
large ear piece did not fit in my ear. very uncomfortable. ear piece was broken upon receipt. charger is not standard. recommend that you keep looking.
the peace that went over the ear and in the ear was about to fall off. was not like new, and i was very disappointed with the product. all other products i have been satisfied with.
it has a charging cord type that does not match any other. not good for sound or battery life.blea!please dont buy
stick with the 510   whenever i think there may be a better mousetrap   the 510 ends up beating the pants off of the competition.
my husband purchased this bluetooth and is sending it back.  when i try and talk to him from my bluetooth, there is a lot of noice coming from his end.  he also said he could hear static on his end.  i'd go with another.
a waste of money. it doesn't work any better than the headset i had that is 4 yrs old plus it's hard to wear. i have trouble getting it to stay on my ear without causing a sore spot. a big dissappointment here.
when i received it, i charged as the instructions says, but it doesn't work.i will have to buy another one, somewhere else
this bluetooth was not good for me.  the volume was too low and the earpiece continued to hurt my ear.  it was pretty uncomfortable.
this itiem is terrible plenty of back ground noise and static. i ordered 2 and find this to be a hugh mistake.
i have owned two of these.  the ear clip on both failed prematurely, rendering them unusable. i have since switched to an alternate product, with different ear piece design.
i have done everything the directions say to do and still can't get it to work. very frustrating!  there's really no where to take it or to call to get help.  be careful what you buy!!!
it never felt good while wearing it.  just pain,pain,pain!!  don't waste your money on this thing.  you can have mine for 1/3 price.it was very hard to pair.  as well.
great product, have tried many other headsets and keep coming back to purschasing this one once the battery dies on them
after a month of in home use it wont stay on the charger to get charged. would not recommend it.
this item produces an echo of your own voice.  i tried it in several settings, and from various distances.  occasionally it would not happen, but usually it was a problem.  it now sits on my dresser, an unfortunate waste of money.
i wasted several hours trying to get this headset to work. i thought maybe the problem was with my bluetooth dongle, so i tried it with my phone. the phone couldn't connect either. it is comfortable, though. too bad it doesn't work with any of my devices.
purchased 3 in retail pack.  the packaging has no &#34;plantronics&#34; name, logo, or part numbers.  this product may be chinese counterfeit.
i got the m20 instead which was not the correct order. now i feel like i shouldn't order anything else because this was handled wrong. not a happy customer.
piece of crap!!! would never every buy any of their products again and will tell all my friends and family how worthless their products are!!
this product voyager 520 look very nice but the fidelity and signal it's not good ,only with my blackberry in my pocket the signal it's really bad.,
the earpiece is a nice fit and the charger is very handy, but when actually in use, it crackles with static.  i couldn't get a clear sound in or out so  i returned it.
the description said it would sync to 2 divides at the same time and it did not. other than that the product worked just fine.
i've tried to use this in various places on multiple calls and there's always either static, hum, buzz, distortion or the signal cutting out or some combination of all the above. it's unusable and i've returned it to the seller for a refund.
i spent the extra bucks to buy a plantronics. unfortunately, i quit using the headset after my callers complained about the call quality.
just a big marketing but the product is not worth paying , may be you  can pay $10 $15 for this productas it does not filter any noise its just as  a cheap product so better go for cheap ones then paying for this
be careful there is no mute button on this headset. quite annoying. also noise cancelling doesn't work   turns everything to static.
liked
waist of money
when i searched for a samsung galaxy s3 charger this product popped up. when i received it in the mail it did not even fit my phone.
this didn't work, and actually drained power from my phone instead of charging it. i ended up just throwing it away.
i bought it to use for my car charger they both looked great but they didn't charge my phone :( waste of money not recommended
buyer beware. this cable did not charge my htc devices properly, but worked with other devices. other usb cables did not have this problem. from the looks of it, this cable is not what is pictured when shipped from cellular 5 star.
does not charge my phone at all while its on barely charges with phone turned off tried with 3 different phones and bought 5 cables from them none worked
i bought this to use to charge my cell phone, plugged it in and left it overnight. the next morning, it said fully charged,unplugged it and it was not charged even a bit. it may work for some, it didn't work for me!
no product results in a negative rating and since the system requires so many words i have to am composea run on sentence.
ordered cables for my new samsung galaxy s2 and s2 skyrocket. one cable did work at all with the skyrocket. the other would connect my s2 and show that it was charging, but it was very slow, almost not charging at all. i am not at all happy with these.
the cable does not charge my phone.  when plugged in, i get a error warning me to use the factory supplied charger (which i am).  using the same charger with a different cord, there's not a problem.
this cable does not work with galaxy s4. it is clearly not samsung oem (which is obvious from the price) but it does not work at all which makes it a piece of garbage.
usb cord stopped working after a week so i am back to square one again. wasted my money on this product.
this took almost a month to deliver. the estimated delivery date was totally off base. it's shipped from asia, which is just ridiculous. don't waste your time and buy something a little more expensive but local!
i bought this item because i thought it is a charger, but i it was only a wire without a head of the charger. plus, the wire is too short to get benefit from. i returned it back.
cable didn't work when i got it   pinching the correct spot on the phone end seemed to make it work, but it was obviously internally defective.seller immediately refunded me.
for my samsung s3, the cable raised my battery % power from 2% to 10% over a span of 12 hours. i ordered three cables and they all performed poorly. do not buy!
will not charge my phone at all when plugged into the wall. i have not tried to plug it in my computer, but it just doesn't charge.
came 7 8 days late and wasnt what i ordered, now im playing the waiting game to see what will be offered.
the product stopped working after 10 days of usage. not sure whether we can return this product now, and ideally would like to get a refund or a replacement for this.
does not charge at&t samsung s4!  i purchased for my new phone but it takes over 12 hrs to just charge 30%
i ordered the usb cable to charge my samsung galaxy s3 and it did not work at all. complete waste of money
i order a bunch of these because we have so many devices that use micro usb.  too bad not a single one of them worked.  oh well you get what you pay for i guess.
took too long to deliver over 3 weeks and its not working correctly taking too long for my phone to charge or it doesn't charge it all the cord is too short
the insert to the phone broke with in 24 hours and got stuck inside. didn't pay enough to initiate refund
the cable won't charge my phone, when i connect it to my computer usb outlet, it make a sound like it trying to disconnect.
not good at all. it didnt charge anything. and it didnt even work properly for any phone. no one buy this .
charger started unraveling within a week of getting it. was also shorter than i was expecting it to be. it'd be better just to get one from the store, a little more for one that's guaranteed to be good condition.
i am so disappointed !they cables arent even like the ones in the picture.do not waste your money here!
when using for power, my wife's samsung galaxy sii (t mobile) detects that's it's plugged into the charger but doesn't actually charge.  when plugged into a computer, the computer detects there is something there but can't identify the device.  bum cable.
this this is so short and it wont even charge my phone, i leave it plug into my phone for a hour and it only move up 2% it sucks
panda park is definitely selling knock offs, the branding is missing and the cable doesn't fit the usb properly and drained my battery from 70% to 20% in a few short minutes and never managed to actually charge it.utter garbage.
the smaller end of the cable would only work when pressed from an angle. tossed it.  i wouldn't recommend buying this one.
crap, i own a galaxy s2 and the connection doesnt work half the time and when it does it is a trickle charge.
whatever came in the mail for me was not an authentic product. connection to phone does not work unless you hold it and bend it a little    as soon as you let go, it does not charge the phone.my phone is a samsung vibrant (galaxy s1)
product do not work as was promised.  is not useful for charging my cell phone.  i can plug in the usb, but it never charges the phone
i ordered this charger cord for my samsung galaxy s 2, and this cord does not charge my phone at all.
i sent for charging cords from three different places hoping that one would work for my samsung sii phone.  this one did not charge at all.  the one i ordered from wireless hub, brooklyn, ny worked immediately.
this charger charges so slow. at one point it started to charge backwards. i would not recommend this product here
the charger cord was really short and on top of that, the charger did not charge fast enough to keep up with the usage while charging.
the product was subpar in my opinion, i had to purchase another one after about 2 weeks or so. do better guys.
i purchased this because the description stated that the cable was 3 ft long, but in reality, it is only 29 inches long.
works fine charging, but it won't connect my phone to my computer. had to buy an amazon cable to solve that problem. the connection also feels weird while the other ones snap right into the micro usb port.
the price was great. it takes 8 to 10 hours to fully charge my samsung galaxy 3. too long especially since the 20 dollar walmart performs much faster.
it literally fell apart first time i plugged it in. dont waste your money. yeah its cheap but you will just be throwing it away.
it charges very slowly, about 10% per hour. after only a couple weeks of use, the silver piece that plugs into the phone is bent over. glad i only wasted a few bucks on this. i ended up going to verizon and paying for a good one.
it was working fine when i first got it but after about 2 weeks it stopped charging my phone. my phone says its plugged in but it won't charge.
samsung replacement usb data charging cable for samsung sph m330, sch r100,.  did not work at all.i didn't return it because the shipping of it would just waste more money.
stopped working after just a few week. you get what you pay for. at least i am only out a few dollars.
i got 4 wires and not one of them charge my phones/tablets or anything. pos junk do not buy!!!! i want my money back!
this is not a honest samsung original issued models usb cardi compared it to a actual samsung card and this one from amazon is thinner and shorter and it doesn't hold a charge to my phone do not buy
charger doesn't work. hardly fits into the micro usb portport on my phone. i tried it out with my computer, car charger, and wall charger with no response
i bought 3 chargers at the same time. and all three were dead within a month. initially i thought it was my phone, then i tried a friends old charger and it actually worked.
even if it is cheap don't buy it because it doesn't work. you are better off buying one for a few more bucks. it won't charge or do data connect to my laptop.
bought 3 mini usb plugs all 3 were bad . got in touch with aeller to no luck stay away
this was not the cable i got however the cable i got works its just not samsung it was fake after market
these do not work in my zte warp or my samsung preval. i order (6) of them now i'm stuck with them shame on me!
i would love to rate these, but i never received them. i ordered them because they were low cost.  so, i'm not worried about losing a couple of bucks. i will not order them again
the connection to the phone slides back and forth when plugged in so the connection is interrupted.  when the connection is made, it works fine.  i have contacted the seller with a request to receive a replacement.  we'll see what happens.
not working already.  i just had it for few months. i guess this is one the of &#34; you get what you pay for&#34; stuff. : ((
it was a non working item. but for the price i should have known. did not want to get another just in case it also was bad.
samsung cords are five feet long. these are two and a half feet long.they work, but they suck. don't buy these.
it broke after one week of use bad bad bad bad will not buy another one  got the hold one and it work great
the connector that plugs into the phone was completely bend. cannot connect to the phone. also cable is quite short only two feet.
the package had a tear in it. the cable was bent and smashed on the end and i'm not able to use it.
fell apart the first time i plugged it in. i used some scotch tape to hold it together and now it's fine. i recommend just buying the ones amazon makes and puts their name on. i have never had any trouble with those.
bought these to replace charging cables. these can't handle the amps and won't charge the phone or tablet at all don't buy these.
these are not the original cables that came with the phone. they are shorter and thinner. cheap platic feeling coating all over. works but not what is advertised and the construction is poor.
what a bad decision to buy this s***i used it to charge my cell phone, it couldn't stay connected by itself.i had to hold it steel to get chargingi had to breath evenly also or it'll disconnect on youit went to where it belogs right after "trash"
i tried plugging it in to multiple usb power sources and nothing worked. great price, would have been nice if it worked.
so i ordered these cords and they look correct . instructions say they are correct but they dont actually work they plug in and everything but that's it. lol.  what a piece of crud.
didn't work as soon as i got it.  came from china, order something else.you can take your chances but i doubt i will get a refund.
worst cable i've ever had. fell apart after a week of use. charging current was also very low and took forever for the phone to charge. not to mention the 12 week lead time. it took so long to ship i forgot i ordered it.
got this to try and charge a samsung galaxy s.  not working. ordered a micro usb2.0 later and it works great.
i bought this cable hoping it would work with my htc thunderbolt only to be greatly letdown. the charging light turns on, but it fails to even maintain the battery and will actually discharge while connected. be wary of buying this for newer smartphones.
its a piece of crap. broke in less than a week. but hey, what do you expect out of a charger that costs 4.
i only had this a few weeks before it broke! it's really hard to find a cheap quality replacement usb cable. this was not the one.
first of all, it is very short cable. second, it take my phone 4 hours to charge 100%. finally after few time charge the micro side of connector loses the connection. it is no use for me. will not buy this again.
wire fit loosely on my phone and had to move it around to get the charge going. skip this one
the usb charging cable did not work with my galaxy s3 phone or with my nexus 7 tablet.  the phone does recognize that its plugged in, and it 'thinks' its charging, but the battery receives no charge at all.  other usb cables i own work just fine.
i order it for a replacement to the original cable of my galaxy s3 and doesn't work. don't charged and also it doesn't it reconozied by computer. really waste of money.
instead of constantly moving my charger all around the house and to work, i ordered 4 of these &#34;samsung&#34; usb cables and they don't work. all they do is literally drain your battery when you plug your device in to be charged. don't buy it! it's a scam!
damaged when arrived. plugged the non damaged one into my phone and the end broke right off the cord as if it was dried out and brittle. the usb end did not correctly fit into my computer and was damaging it. you get what you pay for with these chargers.
nothing about this product says made by samsung. the cord itself lasted maybe 2 weeks before it shorted out. fabulous!
cheap! and flimsy! not worth even the low price, waste of money. lasted maybe a week. not even worth returning.
i plugged it into my phone and the computer didn't recognize the phone. i also tried using it with my charger and it still didn't work. oh well, it was less than $3 so it was worth a shot.
it breaks very easily. this usb cable is the worst cable ever ! i hate it ! ! ! !
its taken so long that i do not even have it yet, i think it is almost a month now
it dose not work. apparently the cable connection is very poor. it comes and goes. not good for the phone.
i waited what seemed like forever to reiceve this cord and it does not even work! not happy about it!
i ordered 3 of these cords.  none of them worked on any of my micro usb devices.  they also took about 6 weeks to arrive after i ordered them.  spend a couple more dollars and get something that works!!
it came in pretty fast but turns out it doesn't work, it is a waste of money dont buy it
total junk. i bought 3 cables.? they where suppose to be 6 feet. and they where only 3. one never worked and one broke after two weeks. very poor contacts at ends. not worth a penny.
i've bought a lot of these cords because our whole household uses android phones. this one is the worst by far. the connection to the phone is very loose and the phone will stop charging at the slightest touch. very disappointed.
i puchaced these cables as spares for my flight 2 samsung phone and the ends are too thick to fit in the housing on my phone. these are useless to me, they are not what was pictures in the photo, i wish i could send them back! very unsatisfied!!!!
the cable does not charge my s3.it will maintain the current charge if i'm not using it but will still draining battery if i'm on the phone. only have myself to blame. thing was $4
i wouldn't recommend them to anyone. i tried to use them in my car, but they didn't charge my phones. i tried the original cable in my car and it worked. for some reason they are worthless to me now.
bad samsung imitation. does not work. the cable get loose on connection and it doesn't work. i though i have a deal but this time failed.
crappiest charging cable i have. its about 2 feet long and thinner than normal. but what do i expect for under 2$
i bought two cables for my samsung galaxy note. however, either one of them works. the charging speed is very very slowly. the phone increased 1% battery after an hour charging. i think it is an original product.
got it, pluged it in, and it didnt work at all. i would highly recomend spending a little more for a better one, because this is terrible quality.update:seller was very willing to work with me and sent me a new one.
i think i got to use this maybe a handful of times before it stopped working.  very flimsy and cheap!!
this cable dont work.im so dissapointed , this cable is junk, cannot believe they sent me a cable that doesnt work , what a waste of my money and time!!!!!! ahhhhhhrrrr s***
i bought this because my other charger was getting loose in my phone plug, this one took a long time to arrive and it doesnt work!
i couldn't believe how short the cable was on this charger.  i thought it would be just like the one that came with my phone, but no.
this cable did not fit my samsunggalaxy s.  i didn't bother to complain or return it because it would cost me more time to go to the trouble than the cable cost me.
horrible. did not stretch long at all. if i wanted to plug in my phone to the wall, it would have to sit on the floor. plug was a usb but only worked in one phone.
none of the 4 i ordered would recharge my samsung phones.  they connect and the shows recharging but the battery charge never increases.
top listing while searching for a 6ft micro usb cable. doesn't say in the specs the length. it's about 2 feet. the mobile amazon app is misleading at the worst and ambiguous at best.
1) not branded2) finishing was proper (rubber/plastic part was uncut)3) charges 10% in one hour4) item not as shown in picture
the cord came really late and without any sort of tracking info. its been a few months now and its still super stiff and doesnt charge as fast as my other cords, imo. look elsewhere because this cord just doesnt quite cut it.
product not received yet unable to review product!product not received yet unable to review product!product not received yet unable to review product!
this usb cord does not work for samsung phone. it only works for lg phone. it is not the cord thats in the picture. the part that plugs in phone is just square. ths one is picture is one i actually needed thats why i ordered it.
it doesn't stay in place when you plug it in, any small movement and it pops out or stops charging. it will get the job done if you are in a pinch but definitely you get what you pay for
this is an original samsung product however.it took 3 times longer to charge my phone.  luckily it was only a couple dollars so i'm not upset about throwing this thing out!  don't order it!!!
my phone wont connect to the computer through this cable and when i connect it to a charger, cellphone goes to driving mode. tried iton galaxy s2 and galaxy s4. computer recognized neither of them. stay away.
i may have received a defective cable, but mine does not charge.  i have several devices that charge via usb (phone, mifi, mophie).  this cable did not work with any of them. i suppose i should have just paid the $5+ for a better cable  
i dont know if its the cable or the adapter but neither charge my phone. literally, i recieve no charge on my phone when i've used this cord and a completely separt adapter. oh well, could have been good.
this item took over a month to reach me and after the long wait, it didn't even work!  i knew that it would take a while to reach me, but i would think that they should send out working products!
does not charge samsung galaxy 3.it won't charge the phobe at all, it says its charging but doesn't. its not the power source either.
most of the time, my computer can't even detect the usb cord. the few times it actually detected it, i got a warning on my device that it was a low charge connection and that it wouldn't properly charge my device. wasn't worth the $2.50 i spent.
i bought three of them and each of them stopped working after one use. this is the worst product ive ever spent money on.
not worth the price, it's like using static charges from rubbing your feet on the carpet to charge your phone. 1% per 20 minutes doesnt seem worth plugging it in.
bought this based on the other reviews. worked well for one week then it stopped charging. had to fiddle with the connection but it would be off/on if it actually charged.
i bough a single cable and it did not work at all.  the price was so cheap that i went ahead and ordered two more.  they worked perfectly.  guess this doesn't make your decision easier huh?
you obviously get what you pay for, but i did not expect this to break so quickly. very flimsy and bent during first use.
plugged it in the car and had to keep wiggling it to keep charging.should have more quality and a tighter fit
i bought this, it's very short and i really don't care about that but this definitely is garbage. it says that it's &#34;original&#34; but it's not, instead of charging my phone it makes the battery drain and the phone gets so hot, smh. don't buy this!
didn't pay much for it but was mad it didn't work on my phone. it does work on my husbands samsung galaxy s3 though so i guess it works out. gave you a 1 star because i didn't buy it for his phone i bought it for mine.
a very weak cell phone plug side.  it's very easy to get loose, it does not have any good quality. i do not recommend it.
i was disappointed with this product it does not work. i regret buying this. i threw away the packaging envelope so i was  not able to return it.
i was expecting what was described and pictured.  instead i got a generic usb cable with a big blocky micro end that will not fit my phone while it's in the case.  not worth returning but buyer beware.
this charging cable doesn't fully fit the galaxy s2 or s4. you have to jiggle it to make it connect and then it easily falls out.
it's exactly as promised. except it doesn't work.has a sticker on the back that says samsung and says u9 then in little stuff says.ecc1du2bbert1b412ks e
it failed after approximately six months of use. i would not buy this again in the future. i would come off better purchasing one at the store.
the cable works for about 2 days and then dies,  i've bought multiple of these cords and am dissapointed withe the quality.
the cable i got is not a samsung cable and looks nothing like the one in the pictures and feels cheap. do not buy.
the usb cable i received was for the old samsung flip phones. it was not compatible with samsung galaxy s1 captivate as described. don't take your chances
product shipped is a knock off cable that bears no resemblance to the samsung cable. don't waste you time with these. the fact that the listing says it is by samsung is incredibly misleading if not fraudulent.
this cable did just the opposite. it discharged my phone! i hooked it up and could not believe it.i started to lose power!?! good thing that they had decent customer service and credited me my money back to my amazon account.
dud this thing lasted all of 2 weeks and does not click in to charge keeps coming loose
as soon as i plug it up for the first time i have to have it positioned a certain way! fresh out the package and it has a shortage
i don't know what i was expecting for cables that only cost pocket change. i bought two of these and they lasted for about a week before they stopped working.
literally broke after the first day of use. i know it's only about $3, but after about 6 hours of charging (computer wouldn't recognize it to sync files) it just stopped working.
these cables are not the cables pictured.  they are not samsung cables and do not fit in some samsung phones.
this worked for a little bit but then stopped working.  not much more to add but i need more words to submit the review.
not a well charger at all. takes all night to charger. takes forever to get to your house. i've already thrown away!
my samsung epic 4g works like a champ. this cable will not connect my phone to my pc for data transfer. only good for charging.
i am on a trip and these cables do not reliably charge, nor does the pc recognize the device when connected. a waste of money.
i got this to replace my charger for my samsung cell phone since my dog ate it.  this product did not charge my phone. dont recommend.
it is not working easily with galaxy s3, i have to force the connection with cable and phone port and afraid i will damage the port, so i had stopped using it. product i have received is looks different than in picture.
with charger it takes over 4 5 hours for the phone to charge. when with regular charger that came with phone only takes from half hour to an hour to full charge.
bought six cables, the first 2 i tried didn't charge. the third one increased the power by 3% after 2.5 hours of charging. haven't tried the other 3 cables yet, but not expecting much. won't buy these again.
the cord was broken. impossible to work without using a rubber band to hold the cord in a specific angle to work
it's seriously no longer than a ruler. only buy it if you want to use it for plugging in something to your computer. i bought this cord & never used it. waste of money.
the charger didn't work.  however it could just as well be my phone the hole for the charger is messed up.
please don't waste your money (and the time waiting for it to ship) for this charging cable! it doesn't even work!
these replacement usb cable are worthless, they will not charge my samsung galaxy phone at all i ordered two and neither usb cable worked.very unhappy with this product!
i had bought this cord as a replacement for my phone charger. it only worked a week. do not buy!!
i took it out the package to use it and it had a shortage in it. i went and brought a 10$ charger the the same day i opened the package. i guess you get what you pay for!!! :(
they appeared to be charging phone, when in reality phones kept losing charge with these cables. we were very disapoointed
worst chargers i have ever purchased. they only charge about 10% after hours of being on the charger. do not waste your money. the ones i got on ebay worked perfectly but they were lost.  will definitely go back there instead.
it does not work. i don't know if i just received a bad cord or what but it doesn't work
i bought this cause i had bought from them before but this product was horrible and just drained my battery.
these are not three feet long. they are just under two feet. not samsung. i'd return them but it's not worth the shipping cost.
they sent me an iphone 5 adapter cable. i wasn't too upset, because i only paid like 2 dollars, so i just gave it to my friend who needed one. but seriously. wrong product.
took way to long to get, and broke within one week of use, and i just set my phone on the night stand or desk to charge. would not buy again
these actually discharged my samsung note 2.  i bought 3 and none of them worked.  i haven't checked to see if i can access pictures and music on the phone yet, but at this point it is meaningless.  i have to buy more cords to charge.
chord does not charge my galaxy iv as fast as the original chord. i had to purchase another chord for my car charger.
i used it in my car and it doesn't charge my mobile. horrible product. i checked with my cable that came with my phone and it worked. this is an awful product.
the insert that goes in the phone is too short and constantly comes out of my phone. it is a hassle to keep checking to see if it is still charged; the charger is cheap, so don't expect much. however; i've purchased better for the same price.
despite the cheap price, not worth it. two of the three ordered cables requires having to adjust and position the micro usb head onto the android phones in a way that is very inconvenient
this is a piece of junk doesnt work at all !!!! i never worked since the moment i got it
too short and the end fell apart
really disappointed in these cables. i ordered two to use with our galaxy s3's in our car. although they appear to be charging the phones, the battery level just continues to drop rather than gain any charge. neither cable works.
i normally like the products i receive from amazon. however these are totally worthless! they didn't last  months. very disappointed!i guess you get what you pay for!
cable would not charge our phones. it would increase 1% every hour. not very good. we ordered a few of them and they all sucked.
this usb charger does not work, and has never worked.  as soon as i used it, it ended up in my trash can because it is broken,
tried it right out of the box and it didn't work properly. there must have been a loose contact or something because my phone wouldn't charge.
dosent fit in slot dosent work. having issues with connections for this phone for some reason. not many connectors seems to work
it appears that i bit a hog in the butt on this one.  item cost was just $1.69 but the shipping charges were $29.95.  could have bought an igo adapter for less than that!be careful shoppers!
doesn't make good contact with devices.  connects in and out.  sometime have to wiggle cables.  pay the extra money for real cables.  definitely not samsung cables.
they just sent me another micro usb that i had plenty of. waste of time/money. should have advertised it as micro usb.
the stupid thing didnt even plug into my samsung phone.  it's worthless. it didn't work at all, what else can i say
i bought five of these cables, and not a single one works well.  my devices battery drains faster than the cable can charge.  the tips are so loose that when debugging android apps, the cables disconnect all the time when the device is sitting still.buy a different cable
maybe i didn't read the description thouroughly enough but this cord sure didnt work for the samsung precedent phone from the prepaid/pay as you go plans. i was disappointed but was only out a couple bucks.
i have ordered this item before from another vendor and just reordered another from amamax.  despite the product description, amamax does not ship oem cables; it is a knock off.  other reviews state as much, and if i had done my due dilligence i wouldn't have gotten ripped off.
so the product was not a genuine new usb data cable as described. the packaging was open and i wouldn't have cared if it worked. it didn't charge my galaxy as soon as i unplugged the cable it would need charging. very disappointed. don't waste your money!!!!
i purchased three of these cables and none of them worked. total waste of money even though they were cheap.
i eated one star cuz  i don't like it i boughted and i try to charged my phone and charger broke now i'm having problems putting in a charger
this charger broek within two days of getting and no help on returning it for it being falty. would not recomend
this cord has never been able to charge my phone. i don't know how a cord can be defective, but this cord is. i'm pretty sure i hate this cord.
it didnt work on my phone or my husbands :/my husband would have to set his phone a certain way to say it was charging but when he would unplug it the battery would be almost dead.
don't waist your time on it.  i bought 2 and they only worked for about a month or so and they were always loose connections.
i bought three of these cables and tried them on a samsung and an htc., both phones alternate between charging and not about once a second.
i received this product and thought that it would charge my phone fine. after i plugged it in and tried using my phone while it charged the battery percentage still went down. terrible product. does not work.
stopped working after only a few uses. couldn't get it to stay in without manipulating it a thousand different ways and then holding it in that exact spot. ugh. i hate chargers these days!
the side of the cable that plugs into the phone was not secure.  it plugged in and sometimes started to charge, but it always failed at some point.  i threw it awa