not that it is very slow but i had a no brand probably made in china that charges faster than this. would still recommend this though. blue light is cool.
charger does not charge fast at all. if i have my music playing and my phone on the car charger it does not charge.
this car charger would good at first and after a while it stopped charging that's why i only gave it 3 stars wouldn't recommend it.
this phone charger fit my phone well and it charged it very fast; but it didn't last very long. it would half charge the phone or make it very hot.
i really like the design, and it worked great for a few months. after a while, though, it stopped working so perfectly and now i have to  position my phone just so to keep it charging. would buy again
it gets the job done. and the blue light thing is kinda cool.lights up my car at night. id say it is a good buy
good price and charged my phone very quickly but it no longer works well after 6 months :(you get what you pay for!
i bought two   neither is a rapid charger   however given enough time it does charge ok. well constructed   good price   quick delivery.
this does what it's supposed to do, but i really don't like the bright blue light that shines from it.  it's distracting when i'm driving at night.
. then i have had to buy another one.  the sheath covering the cable inside has cracked open on the most recent version of this.  had it for about 8 months?  just ordered another one.  let's see how long this one lasts.
i loved it until it stopped working. the wire connection somehow developed a shortage and i was always jiggling the wire to reestablish power.
needed a car charger after my phone's battery was drained on a long trip home. suffice to say, this looked like a great inexpensive option at first. however the charger charges very slowly! if you need a car charger, might be best to look elsewhere.
i have to check to make sure the connection is working and more often than not, i have to jiggle it to get it to connect, but once it does, then it works well enough.
this is becoming slower and slower to charge after a couple of months only. not sure if there is a way to get it replaced (is there warranty?)
maybe i received a faulty one. mine averages 50 100 ma when charging my sgs3. estimated time to charged &#62; 24 hours!bad connector perhaps   it shows as connected / disconnected repeatedly.it appeared to top up my plantronics bluetooth headset   the m50   however.
it charges slower than i expected. i mainly bought it as a faster charger than the 500ma charger i already have. as far as i can tell its about the same.
was hoping for a charger that would work quickly.  phone (droid charge) gets very hot when plugged up to this charger.  it does work, but not as well as i was hoping.
worked great for a while. just stopped working.  not sure why. i paid 5 dollars for it. so no big deal
seems to be just a trickle charger.  i like the blue light so i know its plugged in but if the phone is almost dead after an hours drive its still almost dead.
one of the cheapest chargers available that isn't from an unknown chinese company, but it only lasted 5 months. when i owned a galaxy nexus, the charger couldn't charge fast enough and the phone's battery slowly drained.
nothing special, cheap, but seems that it wares out rather quickly and begin to have problems with it charging my phone.
make sure you check to see if this charger works with your phone.  it works with some of our phones but doesn't with others.
it works but not like the new i i got  this should charge faster
like all of the other car chargers i have bought, this one worked great for a few months. 5 months later, i am looking for another. at least it wasn't too expensive.
its a fast charger but only lasted under a year.
had to return this unit because;  thought it would fit my motorola gps but it didn't.was a nice charger anyway.
this device works as stated. charges my phone the way it is intended. it could be a little smaller in size, but for the price a good buy.
i have now bought four of this chargers for other people because they work great.  i definitely recommend this to anyone.
worked for a few months then broke for no reason. but for the price i ant really complain. just ok
the mini usb end dies after a short period. had to hold the phone at a certain angle when driving which is very inconvenient
this is a nice charger, but after a few months it wasn't charging unless i held it in a specific way to the phone. i think the connection within the phone got touchy. worked great when it worked, but no longer working properly.
got it for my parents. works every nice. just get used to the blue light and this is an motorola oem car charger. i used have this till it gave out on me after 4 years. and i used mine aggressively
it worked great but stopped working in less than a year.  i don't know how much a charger should last, but less than a year is not enough for me.
i have purchased many of these chargers to have in all the cars and they work great for about six months then give out.  they are cheap so i suggest getting a couple so when they go out, you can still get a charge.
nice charger, the one that works others i got didnt work. didnt bother to return since i would have to pay s+h which cost more
i ordered this to replace the one i had that did not work.  what i received was different than the pictured item and the same as the one i had.  fortunately it did work on my new phone so i guess my old one was bad
my only gripe is that after about a year, they quit working for no apparent reason.  then you have to buy another
i purchased this item hoping it would work with my motorola razor cell phone but it doesn't.they have changed the design of the micro usb connector,so beware.
when i first got this charger, i loved it. it would charge my phone very well and do it very quickly.however, this changed when the flimsy micro usb connector broke and wouldn't connect any longer.if that was changed, this would definitely be 5 stars.
you can't beat the price and works great, until it stops workingsince it was low price i ordered a second one but the first one stopped working in about 6 months or so.
it works great and nice looking blue light but it is very tall. i had to get a lower profile for my car because it would get in the way of the shifter. i use it in my suv now where there is more room for it.
a good buy. i needed one for the car and wasn't prepared to spend a boatload of money for this.
for the price, it sure keeps my droid 4 going. until it stops working. i wonder when i'm gonna buy #3.update: #2 didn't even last a year. trying something else now.
i end up having to replace these maybe once of twice a year but a five dollars i'm okay with that.
doesn't work awesome with my phone, not sure if i got a dudd. or what. unsure of how to recommend.
i had this for a while until it broke when a small wallet fell on it. it was great while it lasted, no matter how little time that was, but could be more durable.
it works fine, but not quickly. it takes a 1/2 hour to get to work and it's maybe charged 20%
with some chargers, if the phone sits a certain way, the charge wont hold. with this charger i have never had that issue. the blue light at the top doesnt emit too much light at night for drivers. would suggest this product for anyone with a droid bionic
i used this to run gps navigation on my droid, it was enough to keep the battery charged. but when i turned on bluetooth or turned on music (with speakers), it was not enough to keep the battery charged anymore.
product looks awesome, great price but gives interference when i plug the jack into the radio on both my cars. ohh and i bought 2.
the charger worked well charging phone going to and from work every week.  unfortunately, it only lasted 8 months.  now it just lights up but doesn't charge anything.
led is too bright and always on displaying motorola logo, didn't find a way to turn it off.cable is very stiff so can't use with gps mounted left of the driver.it does works fine as a charger.
the charger is ok and obvioulsly works well, however the transparent motorola symbol is weak and shakes constantly with the usual movement of the car.
it's supposed to be &#34;rapid rate&#34; charger, but it charges really slowly like most car chargers. it works, so that's good enough for me. i also really liked the way the circle lit up blue when plugged in.
inferior product i received it and right from the get go it had a rattle the center glow moto insignia is loose other than that i guess it works maybe next time order from someone else. they should have checked the quality
it is working fine. no issues and charging normally. working as it should be. perfect fit for me and my car.
broken in a couple month
haven't truly use it yet, had an charger that fit the visor blue tooth for it was the same as my phone
it started to get loose but it works well to charge my samsung phone and is handy to have in the car
but, i always have to double check that my phone is actually charging with this device.  about half the time, i have to turn or tweak the charger in order to get a good connection.
we bought two of these a few months ago and one of them has already stopped working. you have to bend the cord to get it to charge, and then oftentimes it stops charging a few minutes later.
this is a good product and no complaints so far. but, i don't think its a rapid charger. hence i ma giving only 3 stars
as other reviewers have already mentioned, this is not the product that is being advertised. but it was inexpensive and does charge my droid x fast
i've bought a few of these chargers in the past.  they work well, but have broken on me within 1 2 years time.
does an adequate job. the cord is long and the charger works, however for the lg g2 it will advise that it is not a reccomended charger and the charge will be slow. i suspect that this will be similar to other new android phones.
appears authentic and well made but seems to get too hot at the plug. i'll continue to use and monitor.
i have nothing bad to say about the charger.  it arrived on time and was what i expected.  how excited can you get about a plug in charger so long as it works?
this product was easy to use and it has worked pretty well and it is an average to good adapter.
but then after less than 6 months, the charger died. not sure why because the charging light would be on but it wouldn't charge any of the devices i tried to plug in that previously had worked. when the charger was working, it worked well and charges were fast.
it charges really slowly. when i use it on the road the discharge rate and charge rate are nearly equal.
i am not sure of the &#34;rapid rate&#34; it claims to have.it does charge yes, but not at a rapid rate.
in the beginning it was great and charged my phone quickly but after a couple of months it doesn't stay in my phone as well and is sometimes difficult to keep my phone charging.
worked great for about six months, then i had to replace it. it's pretty cheap, though, so it was worth it to me to get a name brand adapter that was one solid piece.
works as stated
i have gone through three of them1 i ran over. 2 the plastic that holds it in the outlet got worn down from use and now the 3rd one it makes a connection but a slight bump might knock it loose and stop charging the phone
i like the design and it's mechanically well built.  worked fine with a driod bionic for 9 months.  but suddenly stopped working after 9 months.
the giant blue light is actually really annoying when it's charging, especially when driving at night.  other than that it does it's job well.
it charges really fast, but that blue light just annoys me. if you use the thing at night it'll light up the interior of your car completely.
this worked fine for awhile on my phone and then it stopped charging it.  i bought 2 and the first one still works nicely but the 2nd one doesn't charge my phone anymore
good well built oem charger. it has good snug fit into the car charging port. much better fit than the aftermarket non oem charger. it has good length and will stretch even further. motorola oem quality cannot be beat
this adapter charger did not meet my expectations  very slow at charging my phonenot worth the money paid for it.
i bought this to use in my auto when traveling for work.  it is an original motorola product and works very well.  i tested power out and it is within spec.  thank you for the very fast shipping.i do recommend this product as it is as described.
it may not be the most &#34;rapid&#34; charger but great value for the money.  the motorola name means something as i have had generic/off brand chargers in past that were not good.  the blue illumination is cool.  i would buy it again.
takes just as long to charge as the much cheaper chargers. otherwise it works just fine. shouldn't be advertised as rapid.
nice charger, attractive looks.  but it puts out a lot of light, which in my view distracts a bit when driving at night.
its ok got a short in the tip after 6 months but fast charge, my be a knock off because how easy the short happened but oh well great price and will buy again.
awesome price, works perfectly. has a neat blue ambient light to show you it's plugged into the car. can't complain!edit 1/7/13: stopped working a few months ago. blue light still comes on but the connector to the phone is damaged or something.
bought 3.  two failed one works.  good if you're a gambling man.  one of the broken ones work if i wiggle it enough and face my phone downwards.  cheap enough to risk it but if you need to have one that works consider a different one.
the product worked on my trac phone but would not connect to my husbands trac phone.  everything else was ok with the product.
pros:low costcharges quickcool blue light featurecons:feels cheappossibility of getting a fake one as stated by other reviewersblue light is really brightfeels like the motorola symbol is going to come off.
the device is well made and works just fine. the thing i don't like about it is the glowing blue motorola logo at the end. a simple led would have sufficed. this little piece of eye candy just adds unnecessary length.
it works but becomes hot within an hour of charging. do not take chances by leaving it on charge for more than  one  hour
the light is extremely bright.  it makes it somewhat distracting in the dark.that said, it charges my phone which is what i wanted.
the car charger worked great for 5 months and then abruptly died. i have not been misusing it or moving it from vehicle to vehicle. disappointing product.
ok for charging your micro device with this but i changed to a double connector since i had to charge more devices
it works ok, the only thing i am not like is the light, it's too weak to see under sunlight.
it's a brand name plug, it's well built, low cost and the cord is long.the plug is bulky and the blue light can be annoying depending on where you use it.
i have bought a few of these, they work great for a few months then they break, good temporary solution.
this was a good charger. kinda bulky and the blue light got annoying. but hey, it works and it was cheap.
it works well enough for what it is designed for.the only really bad thing is its case design. that is, that useless little disk at end.
this charger does the job. it appears to be more lightly constructed [cheap] than the last motorola charger i had.
it served my purpose for in car charging but i realized it drains the battery fast for my galaxy s3. i would not want to use it much
bought this to charge my samsung galaxy s3 in the car and it worked for a few months, then quit working. i've had better and worse.
worked good for a year and now it will not charge.  for the price it is still worth it but the quality is lacking.
the charger seemed great in the beginning, but i noticed that just slightly moving the connector would stop the charging. the phone ends up not charging for periods of time.it is a solid charger otherwise.
like most micro usb connectors, it wore out in less than a year of light to moderate use.  can't complain to much for the price though.
this item works well but is very slow to charge my moto x. bright blue light is kind of neat until it blinds you while you are driving at night.
this product worked great the first time i used but now it only works if my cell phone is positioned a certain way.
well, pedantic does describe this book.  (.you'll know what if you read it!)i think it more suited for an older demographic.
the little adapter thing is wobbly and not sturdy. i was not aware that i would have to use that.
it's a cheap charger that will work well for a few months then crap out.  i am buying it again because before it broke   it worked great.  and for it being so cheap, i dont mind it.
car charger is not strong enough to charge the galaxy s3. it takes about 5 minutes to add 1% of battery life to the phone. overall, it does what it needs to do if you don't use the phone that much.
nothing to write home about, but it does the job and charges the phone. the plug in piece gets hot sometimes though.
it looks like a motorola product, but didn't last like a motorola product.  i had it for about a year before it died.  for the price, that's not at all bad.
nothing great, nothing bad, just a charger that does what it was supposed to do and seems to fit well and charge quickly.
when i play music on my nexus, i can hear a hiss from the alternator.  the blue light is kind of cool but it sticks out a little far.
it works, but that led light is bright! i see it reflecting off my back window at night and think a police officer is trying to pull me over at night. i would not buy a new one if this one gets lost or broken.
would expect more than a few months from it, but my expectations were too high.  i bought 3 of these and within 3 months one of them is still working.
i bought this a year and a half ago and it just stopped working. at first it was puttering a charge and now it just doesn't charge at all. i mean, for $10 it's not a bad buy but now i wish i invested in something a little more durable.
i bought this for my girlfriend so that she could keep her phone charged in the car while she is at work. however, after about two weeks, she told me that the adapter had stopped working completely. i am giving this product a three star rating mainly because of the price.
it worked for a while. about a year and then it died. that's why i gave it 3 stars instead of 4 or 5.
this is advertised as a &#34;rapid rate&#34; charger but it's incredibly slow. i keep it in the car for long trips where i absolutely have to have *some* sort of charge, but i really should have just splurged for a nicer charger. you get what you pay for.
ordered it for a friend nuthin much to say its a charger and it works packaging was a small card board box but it was ok
the blue light is beautiful and calming during night drives.  however, the length of the lighter plug sticks out so far that it blocks the use of a cup holder.it charges my phone well.  i just wish the lighter plug portion was shorter.
arrived on schedule no problem with the shipping only problem was when received the item buttons soft not like brand new, but it is new. does work for the truck just when pressing the buttons to lock or unlock their to the bottom.
bought 2 of these because they were a great price. i can't charge my paid with it but it worked for the iphone.
cable makes phone screen flutteroff and on when i connected to usb connection on my computer; and it will not charge.
could not say much. it's wat it is for the price paid.till now working without issues. loosely fits with the iphone usb charger.
glad i also bought a 6' cable as this is really to short to use on a lot of occasions.
great knock off, especially for the price. looks identical to the apple cord that came with my iphone. it charges my iphone and ipod beautifully, however, it will not work for the ipad. weird! but for $.70, who can complain?
i bought ten of these cables because they were so inexpensive and had decent reviews, i've gone through two of them in three days, the cable itself is solid but the end of the cable keeps coming apart.
i dont get that &#34;charging sound&#34; when i plug it in, but my ipod touch 3gen does charge. the part that plugs into my itouch is too wide and the usb end has those annoying lightning sharp corner & edges, but overall, the cable thing works.
it works however it broke in about a month. i prefer just buying apple certified cables instead of wasting your money on these cheap cables.
most of the cables work on the iphone but part 2 don't and that was kinda disappointing, they were purchased to be used in the rv we have and when they didn't work on the iphone we were a little concerned.
my product doesn't have the same smooth fit as oem apple gear, but it works.  i use it as my extra cable that i keep in my car, which connects an ipod to the stereo.
not an iphone charger, but it does charge my iphone. messes up my phone quite a bit though. i'm not sure if its because i have the latest upgrade or simply because its not an iphone/pod/pad charger, but overall it still can charge your phone and download pics.
not oem.  i ordered 3 and 2 were bad.  great dealer quickly replaced the two defective ones with two working cables.
ordered it monday recieved it tuesday. it was like i was reciving a movie from netflixx.it works great. know i have one for work and one for home.
per many of the other reviews these have quality problems.  i ordered 5 and only 3 worked, so they cost $1.29 per working item instead of $0.77, but still much less than the apple cords.
the cable works just as good as the one that came with my iphone 4. it was very inexpensive but took several weeks to arrive.
this work fine for a ipod. to couunt with you netbook. i using this cord everyday. cheak out on youtube zportz47
todo esta muy bien con respecto al producto, el gran problema fue el tiempo de entrega. fue demasiado lento, deben mejorar los tiempos de entrega.
won't work with my case.
worked perfectly until a few days ago wouldn't sync to win 7. usb device not recognized. tried resetting iphone, reinstalling itunes, & finally switching out cables until i found that the problem resided in the cable. cheap enough though that i'll just buy another one.
broke after the first couple of uses but still works if you push it back together!if you want quality buy a genuine cord from apple but for the price didn't expect much
it worked as a charger only; did not sync my iphone 3s with my machine.  for me, it only worked with windows xp, not w7.
it works but i didn't realize that the plug itself didn't come with it. i learned a valuable lesson. if it's not in the picture it isn't offered. that was my mistake which is why i gave this product 3 stars instead of more.
okgood good good good good goooooooooooooooood good h g g g g o o o o d d d d good good go
o produto tem excelente preo e boa qualidade.o &uacute;nico fato negativo &eacute; a demora para a entrega.deveria ser entregue em um prazo menor.
other reviews are a bit misleading. these work okeish. appropriate for their price. worthy of having three star and no more.
these generic cables are reasonable for connecting an iphone (4s or earlier), but they're considerably lower quality than the oem version.  the plastic is less supple, the connector is harder to remove, and the whole thing feels cheap.  for the price, though, they get the job done.
bought two of these cables to use for charging my ipad 3 and ipod mini.  the ipad recognizes the cables but says &#34;not charging.&#34; the ipod does charge.  so beware, these cables cannot be used to charge an ipad.
it worked ok for awhile but now it's not working as good anymore. i still have it and i'm still using it but it doesn't charge all the time anymore. but for the price. i guess you get what you pay for.
arriving slow. i incidently wrote this review and cannot delete it. i have not received it yet. : ( i'll be back to update this review after i receive it.update: it have been used for several months. now it is dead. but it is worth the money.
i bought 2 of these. one of them works fine and 1 of them doesnt work at all. its too early to say if this is working well. its a generic product, what else can we expect.
when my experience of this cable was working well.already was a good experience.cretin at times i want more of this product.
the only problem i have so far is that it will not charge my phone when i plug it into my laptop. it works fine when plugged into an outlet, but glitches when plugged into a computer.
item working good at this time. but took a while to come. wished it could have came alot sooner to me.
i ordered 2. one works fine. the other doesn't connect properly so it doesn't charge.
first of all it's been a month a a few weeks since i ordered this product. its cheap price wise which is good and it works well. just be aware it may not get to you within 2 weeks, or a month.
this worked fine for a few weeks, then it exploded and the wires were fried after a few months! luckily nothing else was damaged, but it was quite alarming. i recommend getting one directly from apple.
working right out of the the. bubble wrapped envelope.until it started giving me the, &#34;charging is not supported with this accessory&#34;after a few months, lights out!
it's ok.
my cable stopped working after about 1 month. while it worked, it was great. but just out of nowhere it stopped working. shame.
this is your standard iphone 4/4s charger. i have no complaints, but later i found one from a different buyer that included 7 chargers each in a different color and it was actually cheaper for all seven than this single cord was.
when i plug in my phone with this charger, it often says that the phone does not support charging with the accessory. but i discovered that it does in fact work.
it was okay. wasn't the best thing ever.
as a replacement for the price it works.  cheap product but works.i had one issue, one of the ones i received wore out pretty quick.  the wire pulled away from the port pretty easily.
good for a secondary cable to sync on the go. charges slower. feels really cheap. usually with primary use these last only a few weeks.
it's been a month and i still haven't received my order.  i know it comes from hong kong but they must have put it on a slow boat.
i ordered a total of two cables: one worked the other didn't. a friend ordered (2) cables the same day i did, and only one of the two cables he ordered worked as well. cheap quality knock off. not worth the time to return.
works better for my computer or as a car charger than it does plugging it into the wall to charge.
for less then a dollar. yes it was worth it, but i wish it would of lasted longer. hopefully yours works better.
this cord charged my ipod for a while just fine, but then it said it wasn't compatible and stopped working after a few months.
works as a usb but slower download speed than an official one. for $1 not a bad deal though i suppose.
eh, it's alright, but whatever. it does what it was made to do so i guess i really shouldn't be annoyed. the only thing that bothered me was the texture of the cable, it bites!but that's just my childish personality
the cable work just perfectly on my ipod touch 2g it even lets me listen to music while charging the only bad thing is is thats its short just wish it was a little longer
for some reason this productt does not work couple of months into usage with my iphone. must be because of the quality.
this item is very hard to remove from my ipod. it's a great price though. it's a quick fix until you can get a quality one.
delton premium iphone 4s data sync cable   retail packaging   white the cord was normal length and much too short to really be useful.
works well enough.cable end did not fit outlets as well as brand name but usable, price was great and delivery good.
because product is not apple you will get notice &#34;not supporting by apple&#34; sometimes. i got 4 of this products. the white plastic portion got separated from the usb connection. the others are ok.
product is great but slow arrival.
im not sure what the problem is but some work fine and others my phone (3gs) will say :not compatable. most don't work on my kids 4g's
good cord for the price but the plug seems to be a bit wider than the stock charger.  if you have a case on your phone it may not fit perfectly.  still works though.
but i didn't like the material of this cables . it's not like the original . so far from it but if we are going to say which one to buy so this do the job and is the cheapest cables i have found . so let's try it
these cables are not oem and some are not compatable with the iphone or ipads.  some say not charging or accessory not recognized.  i ordered 6 of them and 3 of them did not work on my iphone 4.
like the title says you get what you pay for.i would rather buy 50 of these cables than 1 from apple any day though simply because they are so dirt cheap!
cheap non official usb charging cable like this might not last. get an official one from apple. if you're too cheap too don't expect these to last long.
not anything as strong as the apple that came with our ipads and iphones but they did last a couple months and fair to the cost.  i'll probably find ones with stronger wire to adapter connections but these were a great value, worked, no tech problems.
the cable still charges my phone but it will not sync to itunes anymore. i have tried 2 other real iphone cords and have had no trouble syncing.
the cord worked good for a while, but started not too. kept saying  it wasn't compatiable the device. but it listed the iphone $s as one of its device for compatiablitiy.
these look correct but they do not always connect perfectly and work well with the ipod or ipad charger connections. says unable to charge
not the highest quality cable available but for the price i can't really complain. the cable did last several months before having to order a replacement. in my opinion, having to order a cheap replacement every few months is worth the savings.
wire came out of the charge head.  pull it from the phone by the head, not the wire.  charges okay though.
pretty much a charging cable but hey that's half of what its supposed to do. the price was also nice.
this cable looks nearly identical to the ipad3 cable i lost, but will only sync an ipad3; it will *not* charge it.charges and syncs as expected with an iphone 3gs.
first one i used lasted one plug in.wire must have broken inside when i unplugged it. using 2 of the remaining 4 now. can't comment on the two unopened ones. however for the price and free shipping 2 good ones will be a bargain.
i bought it after my original apple cord wore out. it's ok so far. it's obviously cheep but it still gets the job done. makes a slight humming noise when listening through your headphones on your iphone/ipod touch while its pluged in.
good things.  but it takes more than two weeks to u.s. and i can't track it.  please come up with new ideas to sever the customs out of asian.
i wasn't so pleased with these.  they didn't work with my iphone. i really should have sent them back.  didn't go through the hassel.
this cord was a great price but unfortunately i got what i paid for. it ended up shorting out and shutting my computer down when i plugged it in
hard to plug in and out. i would buy the original one. but it was cheap so i took a risk.
this cable does work to connect your device to the computer but doesn't charge so it wasn't too useful for me
these cords are okay and i still use them, but they often don't form a great connection and i have to unplug and replug them a few times to get them to work.
prefer the lightning sinc type. this is a regular charger and is very slow! i prefer to spend more money and get the lightning sinc
it looks like the original iphone/pod cable but one of them broke after 3 days, i guess you get what you pay for.
its not an actual apple usb cable its way lighter, it gets the job done and everything and works great for the price. it is a little hard to plug into your phone.
this item is exactly as described, you can pretty much get them at any local store or gas station, the only difference is that it comes to your home or mailing address.
we ordered two cables and only one worked. frustrating, but they were cheap, so i guess you get what you pay for.
it took forever to get here and when i tried it on my ipod, it took a while to get it in, but it eventually did and it works just fine. worth it for how cheap it was
the cable usually works, but sometimes reconnects and disconnects constantly for no reason. a restart fixed it somewhat, but it works for a 0.95 cent cable.
charger cable works fine on wall plug but will not charge from my home computer, laptop, or my playstation 3.
+2 star   it is cheap.+1 star   it worked. 2 star   only lasted 3 months.for the price, i'll buy it again.
it broke after one week. i thought it was going to be stuck in my phone but it didn't so everything was okay.
its made a little wider than the apple one. the apple one fits into the slot on my bumper but this one is too wide, so i had to cut off some of the plastic with a knife.
length is not 7 meters! it's the standard length of the factory iphone charger. good quality. shipping was very slow. took a month
great for the price but poor quality (the plastic cover comes off easily) but it gets the job done. (ok as a spare)
the connector is little tight so you have to gently wiggle it lest to break the phone, but otherwise works as advertised.
it charges my iphone but not my ipad.  i bought it to have a charge station at home and at work. so i am thinking my rating is generous.
this will get you by for a while but will fail in the long run. just be gentle and it will last longer.
it works fine, the end that plugs in to the iphone is a bit crooked, so i'm assuming this is refurbished??
worked pretty well.
it's spotty at best, but for the price it's almost worth having an extra chord handy from time to time. i wouldn't count on it as an always use chord as you are never sure if/when it will work.
for it to be a cheap price, it works pretty good. i like it. no problems with it at all!
these cables are to delicate to use on a regular basis. it is not as tough of a intrument as expected for long time usage.
its an okay product to buy and use. the shipment came on time and it was at a cheap price; so of course everyone should expect a cheap product. it came with dirty stains on it and the cable tore two days after i use it, but it still works.
the cable works with the i phone but not with the i pad. i had figured it would have worked for both.
this product sucked worked for a lil bit then it stopped working after like couple weeks . please don't buy this
just ok did not work well all apples
wish it had a power supply with it, as a universal kit. works well, and had no problems with it.
these things are really cheap.  the plugs come apart after a while.  but i guess that you get what you pay for, so i'll still give them 3 stars
it's an ok cord. holds a charge for a while. came on time and was packed securely. great price for what i got.
i ordered these because i was having trouble with chargers. they work great for syncing with the computer but not for using with a wall charger.
it works, but it's much slower than other iphone chargers. i don't know why this is, seeing that it seems the same as the one that comes with your phone, but it takes longer.
it was an ok wire, it broke faster than an apple one and i had to purchase another one soon after. the shipping took a while too, its alright but i should have found something better
its what you get for what you pay. it works but its really delicate, tug to hard and the plastic pulls off the wire. charges well but didnt last long.
i know it will go bad sooner than later.  the cords are starting to rip and tear already but it still works well, for now.
bought to use for my ipad but it didnt work i think it is only for iphone or ipod dont waste your money theres others that are compatible for all products
i bought 4 of these chargers.  the first one broke after one use.  the second one broke after a week.  the third one lasted a month.  the forth one has lasted for 4 months, so far.
bought this for my son's ipod b/c his original one stopped charging.  this charger only lasted 2 months.  not sure if it is him or the product.  the price was cheap i guess you get what you pay for.
the cable works but it doesn't fit as perfectly as i would hope and it is very fragile. but it cost less than two bucks. a much better deal than buying one directly from apple. it arrived much sooner than i expected.
i buy the cable for my iphone, when i got the cable, it is great and i love it. but it is not useful any more just for one week, bad quality!!! if you want to buy good cable last long time, pls not buy!!!
shipping and packing were great. however, after about a days worth of use i am starting to see the wire curl up a bit (usually caused by heat???)
cheap but kind of rough fitting   one time it zapped my phone off when i plugged it in to charge
i bought 4 and two of them broke. so i guess its a 50/50. think i will just buy directly from the apple store
sometimes has trouble linking iphone to itunes but at least the charging works, which is what i bought it for.
these did not work with my iphone 3gs. they do, however, work with my iphone 4s. so i wouldn't buy them for older models.
my ipod classic had trouble plugging into my computer. the computer kept saying the ipod was corrupted. the computer would see the ipod, then the ipod would disappear. finally i realized it was this cord that was shorting out. but at such a low price, who cares?
i bought three cables, two work propertly, they charge and communicate, the other one you have to connect and disconnect a few times and then works.but for the price and free delivery i think is ok.
this has worked ok, but does not feel as robust as the apple cable. i travel a lot and break/lose a lot of cables, so at this price it was ok.
the 30 pin side of this cord that connects to the iphone 4s is not the exact size and i have to play with it to get it connected. other than that, it works great.
i cant really say much when i got it it was kinda messed up but my brother ripped it so i could never got the experience to say something there okai to me
i bought two and the clips on the side are missing or less obvious so it doesn't work as well as the original. i't ok but it doesn't connect properly to the computer. it does charge well.
i liked it. in the beginning it worked until 2 weeks ago. i think that the problem is the head of the cable. i just bought the usb cable at the apple store for it has a year warranty.
so far it is working ok. there were a few times when we thought it was charging but it wasn't.
this charger was kind of hard to get into my ipod touch. but it works fine and sometimes it says that this accessorie is not supported with the charger.
works ok so far but does not release from the device very easily.maybe what i should expect for 89 cents!
i sent for a 6ft cord, got a 3ft but its worth it.  give it a try just verify the length before you get started ordering.
update: they finally broke and i am getting replacements from ding dong ching chong china.for the price. it can't be beat. took 2 weeks to get to socal from hong kong. it works for my brother in law and sister's phones. i would take a chance on them.
bought two of the cables. one works perfectly for the iphone. one has connectivity issue and does not charge. give few stars for its great price and worth a try.
these cables had the same issue that the standard apple cables have. the cables fray at the end and seem to separate from the connector. for the price, they are great for a short while, but make sure you stock up.
for some reason i can't charge my ipad with this usb cable. it works perfectly with my iphone. the quality is ok
this worked perfectly at first but then i realized that even though all the cords were connected correctly and efficiently sometimes it didn't charge. now in only charges when i plug it in occasionally. not so good but its cheap price i really can't expect much better
very short life charger you can use it for 2 weeks only, if you life a just charger go ahead and buy it but do not expect a long life one.
for the amount of time they worked, they worked very well, but then they just stop working for no reason, i guess you get what you pay for
good but charges so slow it will charge slow like i left it on the charge all night and during school and it still was not fully charged but great product
it worked wonderfully for 15 days and then it stopped charging. did not break, did not pull.just stopped working. would recommend to get the original ones so you have peace of mind.
this is what you'd expect. overpriced but works well. you could likely find a large pack of them where they cost less.
never been too impressed with apples 3ft charging cable. wish it was longer and more durable but i guess we dont really have too many choices when buying apple products.
the charging cable is sometimes not compatible with the iphone and works on occasion. i will have to buy one at the at&t/apple store
did not work. it burnt out pretty quickly. it was cheap enough to just buy a replacement though. worth it, but i would buy two.
made a little cheaper then a apple product the housing came off first try. i had to glue it. but it does work
price was right and needed an extra charging cable for my wife's ipad. it came timely and was satisfied with the prompt respnse. will recommend this product to others.
only charges when i connect it to the plug. doesn't work when i try to use  it to connect to my laptop. had to wait awhile for it.
you get what you pay for. this is a hit or miss product. at this price, order 3 or 4 of them and chances are you'll end up with 2 or 3 good ones and still not spend nearly as much for the authentic apple cords.
works perfectly with my iphone.i cannot get my ipad to charge using this cable.when i use the same power supply and change cables the ipad works just fine. conclusion, somehow this cable is not compatible. i don't know enough about ipads to tell you how.
shipped promptly,works well but cheap quality. you get what you pay for. plugging in & out to the iphone is not smooth, feels like it will damage the iphone's connector port.
these are not the quality of the apple oem parts, but for the price i am happy enough with them to order them again.
no problems found that i can recall. the cable was ok and something i may order again. if you need a cable, this works.
i gave this cable only three stars becasue they will not work with the lifeproof cases, becasue the ends are too big. they also seem to be made out of cheap plastic that won't hold up well, nothing like the ones from apple.
charged and did everything it was suppose to but like many products you buy on amazon for a cheap price. it is also very cheaply made.
bought this to charge my iphone 4s. it worked for about a year, but then it would stop charging my phone. it was cheap so i guess it was worth buying it. might be better to just get the actual apple brand cord
cable is good quality, unfortunately my 3g get's recognized half of the times when i plug the cable to itunes. it does charge the iphone, is just that when i open itunes sometimes it wont recognized the iphone and i will get an error message.
this works fine.  charges and syncs.  the sheathing broke near the iphone jack exposing the wires inside.  still works, but not sure how long till those wires break as well.
its a great price but once i got the product one of the cables are not working properly. was going to send it back but not going to worry about it
after ordering, sent on time btw, these cords where also cheap to some extent, they would charge and sync phone but would not constantly charge and sync phone. worked for about the first week then became on and off, not to bad for the price though.
looks like an apple charger just a little bit cheap feeling and it's a snug fit into the phone but don't worry it won't break
i do like this product, there are times when trying to charge on the computer it comes up and tells me the accessory is incompatible, if i unplug and plug back in it works
takes it a long time to charge my phone probably because it is an off brand charger. ok for back up purposes
the product worked just fine, but fell apart soon after we purchased it. the cord is very weak, needs to be abit heavier.
this cord works fine except it will not work plug into the computer  and it gets tangle a lot other wise it works good
the price is  ok, but it always out of connect.  escpecially when using on the car. so, i just give a medium.
really flimsy and i got charged two shipping fees even though they were packaged together. also, it's misleading. they come up in the search for &#34;iphone wall chargers&#34; but it's only the usb extension.but they charge my phones, so, i guess that's all that really counts.
it worked for a little while but then it just stopped working, now i had to go buy another because it stopped working completely.
its so hard to tell what you get when you buy an off market cable. some will charge and sync your device some will only charge and seems they all advertise that they will do both.this only only charges my ipod.
it doesn't' run fast like the original cord. it's okay when you lose the main one. at least it works!
within the first week the covering on the wire broke at both ends of the cord but i guess at least the wires are covered in their own covers.
the construction & resemblance to the real thang is pretty spot on. however when connecting the 30pin side to my phone  or ipod i had to force it. the same as disconnecting, i had to really pull on it. won't buy them again.
they work ok, but the connection is kind of funky, sometimes it says &#34;this cord is not compatible with charging&#34; either when i use with laptop of wall power. weird but ok.
it has worked for what it was intended but now after a little time the end pieces are starting to detach and im sure it will fail soon. though given the price i am not too upset, will just buy another one.
when i used them to charge, some would say that they weren't supported for this device and would not sync a charge to them plus they fell apart at the connector the wires broke away from the connector way too easily but i guess you get what you pay for
i bought this cable for my ipod touch thinking that the cables for iphone and ipod should be the same. i did not realize that there were not. it kept giving me a message that this device is not compatible with ipod for charging.
it charges well so far, but the second night of using it, the protective case around the wires came off. it goes back on, but still made cheaply.
this product is okay, i purchased it and after just a few uses, the cord came out of the end. i may have just got one with a glitch, but other than that it worked while it lasted.
the seller shipped the item to me promptly, and item was in good shape when arrived, however, after one day the cord separated at both ends, exposing the wires.  i paid 2 dollars, so i guess i shouldn't expect more value than what i received.
the cords work. they are not 6 feet long. they took a long time to get here. satisfied, but not thrilled. they were just cheap.
you really have to jam this in and pull it out with a little force.  i didn't like it being rough on my phone so i went and bought a better cable, and threw this one away.
i think this product was an amazing price and came within 20 days. the down fall was one didn't work. besides that awesome product and i'd def recommend.
this was a great buy for the price, but these cables are flimsy and break very easily. i will just splurge next time and get ones a little pricier with a guarantee that they won't break a week into using it.
go to the apple store and buy an actual iphone charger. these cheap ones break so easily, its pitiful. by the time you buy two you could get a real one
it took about a month (which was the proposed time) but that was a bit of a wait for such a small item.
i ordered six cables and received the promptly. a couple of them didn't work, but the remaining four have been great. i didn't bother to try and return the bad ones because i got them at a such great price.
if you are looking for the perfect cable for your apple product then it is always best to get one from apple. i have 3 extra cables like this that have been purchased from amazon as gifts and had minor challenges with one of them. they present a great value.
much need cords but they did take a little longer to get to me. i guess i need to keep up with them better. but over all worth the cost.
the cable came exactly as described and works great.  however, the merchant didn't use enough postage and it arrived "postage due".  i owed less than a dollar, and this wasn't a big deal, but i was disappointed that the merchant didn't use the proper postage.
it arrived several weeks after i ordered it. the cable itself looks sturdy. but the length is very short compared to most cables .in the meantime i went out to purchase one at the $5.00 store because i needed one .  thank you .
these look just like the real deal.only problem is that it might or might not work.if it does work, it works like a champ.if it doesn't work, then you just wasted a dollar.most stores will charge you $10 for one of these cables.i think it's worth the purchase
i needed a new usb cable, so for a tester i brought one. not bad if you need a extra cable.
this usb cable is not so bad. the price is really good! i've been using this usb cable since 3 weeks with no problem, except it took long time to charge my iphone comparing with the original cable i bought from apple store.
i like it. it last longer than the iphone cord and the white part doesnt come off. a little bit longer too. only downfall is it doesnt fit snug as i thought it would be but its very useful. will be ordering more in the future xoxox
i purchased 3 of these cords.  after about 5 months two of them have quit working and we get the unsupported accessory error. disappointing, but kind of expected with such a cheap item. oh, they work fine for charging but do not work for syncing to the computer. ??
this is exactly what i thought it would be.  nothing special.  it's not inferior quality.  it's not exceptional quality.  they're just cables.  if you're looking for a replacement or some extras, i'd recommend.
not what i expected but they worked. they let me sync and charge my phones well. only thing is that they are way different from the original look and style.
i wished it would work on my ipad 4 but it didn't so if someone wants to buy it they should have an iphone or an ipod
i purchased this to use in my car to charge the i phone 4 and it is doing its work fine so far.
i bought this product for wife's iphone 3 =, although it mentions that it works great with iphone 3 but it is not the optimized cable. so it takes time to slowly charge the phone.
fast and easy processing and shipping and good price.i can only recommend sellers as this one.price was awesome, sadly they did not last too long.after like two month they didn't charge my phone no more.thanks a bunch anyway, will gladly do business together again.
i was unsure about the quality after so many previous failed experiences of buying a china made fake iphone accessories from amazon.however, this works googd with any adapter and even just as a cable for laptop.
quick and perfect shipping, in time.price very attractive.but this wire is not the original one and the quality is not as good as the real one. but good enough for the use.
this cable do the job but is poorly made. it does not for a long time. terminals get broken with normal use.
this cable at first was hard to put into my iphone 4 but then i noticed the pins were a little stiff. it worth it
it arrived promptly but did not fit. the good thing is that i was refunded, so nothing to lose, especially for the price.
this was only $0.99. it didn't last me very long but again, it only cost $0.99. happy shopping to all!
doesn't work on my ipad but does work for my phone and ipod.  it was cheap, what can i say?
bought as a gift and it works just fine but does not charge as fast as other wires i have bought.
came earlier than expected. the decoration on one side was fading a bit, but other than that, it works just fine.
for $2 i got what i expected.sometimes charges and sometimes doesn't. can unplug and plug back in most the time and it'll work just fine.great secondary charger but certainly not reliable.
can't fit into my iphone 4 the first time. but works later on. no sure how long it will last. but for the price, it's not bad. worth the try.
only had for week still working hope for the best works fine with ipod 4g and iphone 4s . good luck
this cord lasted about as long as all of my other ones did (9 months to 1 year). with continuous use the wire gets weak and begins to fray. but it served me well while i had it, didn't have any problems.
i really can't complain about this item since i got it for so cheap. i paid only $2 for this charger and i guess it did its part for what it was worth. i'm happy with the amount of use i got out of it.
im glad i bought this. i had it for a week now and it works pretty good. it does what it's supposed to do and arrived right when it said.
i ordered two of these cords from importer520 to use with my oem charging base and iphone 4s.one cord works fine, the other not at all.  the vendor was great to deal with, responding immediately to my message and resolving the issue to my satisfaction.
this amazing cord will connect your ipod to your computer via usb, or to a usb charger. i hate the proprietary plug, though. why is it so wide?
i bought this cable for charging my iphone and it does that so i'm happy.i tried connecting it to my computer though and it wasn't recognized whereas my actual oem cable is.
i got the item very late, but it works fine. the usb and charge ports lots a bit like the original but you can see the difference when you put them together, when feeling the material you can see its bad quality. but it works!
ok, they were extremely inexpensive so it's hard to complain. the product itself is decently made and works fine. it just took an email to the shipper to get the darn things delivered. i orders 6 because you can't go wrong at that price.as long as you get them!
this is a generic off brand cable.  it's so cheap that i don't mind buying one of these every 6 months if need be.  this held up fine the 5 monhs i had it before getting an iphone 5.
took a little long to get to me but it's working just fine. can't say this for everything i order but it's very fairly priced! i just hope it last more then a couple of months. i will come back & rate again if it doesn't!
i bought this as a spare usb for my ipod nano and it works perfectly.  the buyer shipped it quickly and i have had no problems with it.
very short. not quite sure why i was thinking 30inches. but totally not what i was expecting or wanted.
this cord serves the purpose but doesn't last as very long.  i'm already on my 3rd one, the cord always seem to unravel at the connector.
well like many other reviews it wasn't the best. but for that little price you really can't complain. it's gonna take a lot of frustration and time to get it to work.
good wire. worked well for a while. then went bad. as expected, cheap wire. good results. was great while it lasted
its ok for the price
it works for now, i will be shopping for others soon, it wasn't all that great for me, didn't charge
i was desperate since the original cable was tearing apart, and i got this pretty quickly and i must say, it just works. looks and feels very different from the original, but it works.
when i recieved my charger in the mail it came with 2 sets of cords! i was surprised. the reason for the 3 star was because of the 1 1/2 month shipping speed. other than that, the cords work great. no problems so far.
look, an ipod cable! wow!i'l just comment on what matters.  its quality is &#34;par&#34;. i did have it break after a few months, but the same can be said of most ipod cables.   it does have the short connector, so that's cool./endipodcable
3 starts because does not have the clips on each side of the head connector and i may break my ipod's connector.
it's not made of that nice soft matte plastic that apple uses. it's hard and shiny. but it definitely does the job. so the $ more than makes up for it's minor shortcomings. would recommend.
it works for charging any apple device but when it comes to syncing any data, that can be difficult. since it is generic it tends not to want to sync data sometimes.
i paid a great price for this charger, but it only lasted 3 months.  the wires inside simply all just snapped off.  was great to have as a back up, but i was disappointed it didn't last longer with the little use it had.
the product is good & works good but didn't come with the actual plug in. luckily that wasn't the part that broke for me.
its good. the only thing i actually don't like it's can be broken easily but it's alright. i like it
it's worth about the dollar i paid for it! didn't charge my i pad, and worked for about two weeks before the wires pulled out the bottom. cheap cheap cheap
a little frail but work very good, a little short compare to apple own, the apple dock connector was 2 inches longer and felt much more sturdy.
the cable i received only would work with the iphone 5. it was not the one pictured. amazon returned it without any hassles, but it required more effort than having someone verify the website. amazon could use some qa/qc on this level or aftermarket stuff.
super cheap! i ordered about 10 of these because i'm always losing mine or leaving them in random walls at people's houses. 3 of them didn't work at all! they feel very cheap, but for a penny a piece, hell i'll risk it to get 7 working  
these had a cheap price and a cheap quality! didn't last more than a few weeks. so disappointing, but seems typical for electronic equipment on amazon i've ordered, especially for my apple products, no matter the price.
works great at first then it doesn't after a few weeks :/ very cheap but u get what u pay 4
i bought several of these cables and have found an issue with the connector being slightly too large.  as a result, it takes some fiddling to get them out of the device.  if you file down the points on either side of the connector, it's not so bad.
looks identical to apple cords. i ordered 3 of them and all of them charges very well. tried to sync in my f 250 and it wouldnt' do it. highly recommend if looking for a charger i haven't tried to hook up with itunes. i have another cable for that.
i have to keep plugging and unplugging for it to work and it doesnt always work with my original adapter that i purchased only my cell phone adapter.
very cheap in quality, the cords did not work for all of my devices just some.  quality is very cheap.
just like the one you get from apple, no different.  it did take forever to get here.  i ordered two on the same day and one got here two weeks before the other
these cords are just ok for the price. they have each come apart where the cord plugs into the device once they are used for a month or so. they charge and synk ok though.
needed a replacement since these cords wear out so quickly. it works.that's really all that i needed it to do.
apple really need to do something about the cord, it easily gets ripped and splits. i have already went through two of them. it does charge our phones well, just needs better quality on the wire
great pricebought twofirst cord only charges half the time when using electric wall adapter.second cord so far is working fine
its a cable s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss sssssss sssssssssss
great product  fits ipod classic but why doesn't it work with any  other wall plug chargers, and not just apple?
for the price it is okay. i have used mine for about 6 8mos until this cable gave up on me but its okay coz this one's cheap.
it doesn't have the annoying little push lock as the apple cable, but it does work to spec. no problems here.
not worth the money.cheap all the way. one can apart the first time i used it and the second one wouldn't charge.
the fit is much tighter than the official apple usb cable, which i don't really care for as it doesn't feel great when plugging in a device to it. also my first generation ipad complains that it is not compatible with the cable, but it still seems to charge.
its just another power cord but it did arrive on time and in one peice so im happy with it.
it is always good to have extra cables and at the price it is well worth it to order extras for car, work and home.
not as reliable as apple cables. average generic cables. break more easily. not data capable. charging only, sometimes got unable to charge because non apple cable
yeah it's a wire work for what i need it too use it for a back up for in the car
for as cheap as they are, its worth it as spares, however the white plastic cord separates  at end after a year of use.
you need to be extremely careful on how you unplug this, and it depends soooooooooo highly on who you order the product from. they arent genuine apple, but its ok. just be careful and read other reviews. worth the money.
it is very bad and didn't last a long time which shock me because of an apple product,very dissappointed ok
really tight fit, almost have to force the cord in. kinda scary.they are making me typ more words than i want to.
it's alright one day pulled it out of my car when i was finish charging and the metal usb plug came out of the housing i push it back in put the phone still charge
it does seems like it's right from the apple manufactures but once recieved you can tell the wire is not all the smooth. it's replica but i usually going to charge via a wall adapter and it works fine.
the delton platinum charger works fine, but it is much, much slower at charging my phone than my real ichargers.
the cable fits well and charges the phone as mentioned.does not always sync well.may be due to the os i have on my phone,not sure.
u get what you pay for so i think this is cheap chargers but when you conect you iphone you can feel a little loose from the cable so at least it works
good product. i hate having to buy stuff not made in america. was disappointed it did not come with the wall adapter. but still works
cable does the job and i only bought it as a cheap alternative to the overly pricey manufacturer brand name cables.  occasionally does not work properly when charging the iphone; just unplug and replug return to working order.
it is shorter than the original one that came in the box. it's still working after about 3 4 weeks, so it's doing pretty well.
the product looks okay. and working is fine. the only thing i feel uncomfortable is when i connect this to my iphone, it just looks like unstable.absolutely this is diffenent with real apple product. you pay for what you buy. but it is working.
it was free! how could i resist. i am en joying having a set of cables in my car for charging while out on the road. works great.
this worked fine fog about a week , then the wires came apart  and it stopped  working, it was not mis handled as it just sat on the table to be charged .just was not quality
the usb end of the plug was a little bent so i had to fix that and the 30 pin end of the plug fits really snug but it does work for its purpose thankfully.
not the best quality, but its much more convienient to buy them on here for around $1 instead of going to the store and having to pay $20 for the same thing.
it doesnt fit my iphone well it has to be forced into the charger and once it in it's hard to unplug. i have decided to use only in emergency issues. best to pay a little more money for an american made brand.
i just happened to order the wrong length. was wanting longer one but till i do order it this will do.
average.  they work perfectly fine, they just get stuck in the phone and sometimes i have to roughly attach and disconnect the cord.  i ordered extre cords because my others burnt out.  they work and for the price i will keep using them.
its not exactly like the manufacturers cable. the side that connects to the iphone 4 is a little tighter. the cord wires are exposed after having it for two weeks.however, for the price i paid, i am happy.  if you want a better product, pay more.
it was okay but phone said it wasn't a good cable,,,,,,it was okay but phone said it wasn't a good cable
they work just fine. how much can you say about these little guys? so there ya have it, thank you.
so far so good but it's only been a week or so. working well for now. the fit is very tight so i'm being careful with it.
bought a pair of them. both cracked after two months of use. guess this is what you get when you pay $0.99 for an iphone cable.
definitely a bit flimsy compared to the apple product, but what can you expect? doesn't quite click into place with my bumper cover.
it worked with my old port . it is what it says it is but i would be careful ordering them cause some don't work
will buy a att one next time. you get what you pay for.iphone 4 adp still works but they do seem to come apart way to quick
great price   delivery takes a long time
the product is ok, i had it for about 2 weeks and it is still working good but the packaging could be better.
it will not charge off of a wall charger.  but it seems to get a charge when plugged into one of the usb ports on my computer.  but only off one port.  otherwise this is a great data cable, if that's all you're looking for.
great product.  worked well for my kids iphone.  just wish it had lasted longer.  only lasted about 6 months then stopped working because the wires came loose from the plug.
it works well.  my only complaint is that the cord on each is beginning to tear away, but they are worth the price i paid.
purchased 3 cables, 2 work ok sometimes intermittent on connection1 cable failed almost immediatelycheap enough though, seems to be worth it
it was what i expected. new n in great condition. i gave it three stars b/c apple never built it to last n be strong. but as for receiving the item i give it five stars. came on time. well packaged n brand new.
it works ok, however, it wouldn't charge my iphone 4 as fast as the genuine one i bought from apple store. anyways, its price can't be beaten.
the cords were a lot smaller than i thought they were. i guess i should've read the details more they are less than 6&#34; long maybe a tad bit longer, but still not what i thought.
this is a cheap cable and does not work for charging my iphone 3 or ipod. it does fine with the ipad 2.
just receieved this order a month later. and still haven't opened it because i had to buy another charger in the mean time.
easy to use. but i can used it for only 5 week then it gone. ok for price. thank you.
"$2.00 + free shipping" is what the advertisement says, but add the item to your amazon cart and shipping is charged   in my case, $4 for standard shipping.
yes i choose this rating i like that it was pack good. didn't like it took long to get here date said dec 21 then last min change to the 31st didn't like that
what can i say if you plug it in somewhere and use it only to recharge without moving it too much it will last a while otherwise the cord brakes kind of cheap
i purchased two usb, one for me and one for a friend. the one i had only worked for a week. i purchased this one to have as a back up and still don't have a back up for my iphone.
the cable worked for maybe two weeks then suddenly shorted out. the cable also seemed to lack much quality overall. i won't complain too much considering the price i paid.
bought 4 of these dirt cheap cables and got what i paid for   only 1 of the cables actually did sync *and* charge. the remaining 3 did manage to charge, but did not sync.
when i got this, look like same with real apple cable, but 1 is doesn't work in 3. and another 2 are not really fit iphone.
they didn't fit quite right at first in my phone, i am still a little leary as to whether i am damaging the port by using it.
it works sometimes with charging my iphone from a wall socket.  does not work at all with my computer usb.
it is a cheap alternative for expensive cables, but the plastic quality of the wire was cheap and the cable broke from the corner of the pin after a few weeks.
you pay for what you get.  the price is fair but it doesn't charge as well and rips easily.  but if you are looking for just something to carry around and use as a back up than it isn't too bad.
i ordered this cable because it was the smaller head. i knew it wasn't apple ab=nd was totally okay with that. i ordered the newer model because its the only one that fits in this case. just a tad wider and longer :/ still works great though!
i guess it worked fine but whenever i connect it to my computer it says &#34;device not compatible&#34; or something like that. i should probably buy one at target although they're really expensive :(
one of the cables worked the other had zero conductivity!they are so inexpensive it wasn't worth sending back.previous purchase of this item was fine.
its ok best it did do the job no complaints good product for your iphone or apple product its a must have!
cheap price (so nothing really lost), but after a while it stopped working.  would have to plug and unplug to get it to work.  eventually it stopped charging all together.
it's okay compare to the price. not as good as the original ipod usb sync but it's okay . .
the charges fell apart about 5 or 6 months after buying. maybe even less. i was disappointed but at the cost of a dollar per charger cable i paid for. i would buy 20 of them and it would be worth the price.
very cheaply made, it does the job, but you must handle it with care in order for the wires to remain intact on the inside otherwise they will snap or break.
so for the price you can't beat the usefulness of having extra cables around.  that said it took a full month to make it from china.
this case is bulky, but definitely protects the phone. i got it so i would have something to put my phone in when i go skiing and backpacking.i feel the protection provided will be the best available.this isn't an everyday case if you don't want too much added bulk.
it does the job, protecting the phone, but its really bulky and the screen has that air pocket that makes it look bad. i know if it falls it'll be ok, but as far as looks it's not pretty. if you're looking for a sleek look, it's not for you.
two (2) days after i purchsed this case the belt clip broke. the case protects great, but if you're looking for a belt clip to carry it, look elsewhere.
otterbox is a good brand, but is simply huge, is great for when you have small kids it protects you phone, but otherwise it's just to big.
this is a great case and seems like it will protect our phone well but so annoying that now the regular chargers don't fit. we had to buy all new chargers.
bought it for my bf to use when he goes hunting. he hasn't used it yet but i'm sure he'll love it. i also bought the commuter case for him and he loves that.
durable case for iphone, too bad the belt clip is cheaply made.  broke after a week so i just use the case.
the case does a good job of protecting my phone but the holster makes it difficult to get the phone out.
i am a fan of otterbox, though this product did not come in the retail packaging and seemed a bit too worn for my liking.  works just fine.
the rubber case is great protection, but the holder does not hold iphone it falls out, good for the protective case it does act as a cushion.
good product for overall protection, don't like the way it lays against the screen and always has air bubbles.
nice case.very protective of the iphone, however, it's really cumbersome, there is an oil slick on the screen and it wont dock with appliances unless you use a cable.
only problem is the black rubber is so sticky that its very hard to get it out of your shirt pocket.
very durable product, however i prefer something a little less bulky.  i was dissapointed that i was not able to use my charging station with the case on.  the price through amazon was much less than local retail stores.
i was disapponted in the holster. this product may be ok if you don't bend over alot, but the phone has come loose 2 or 3 times on me dropping on the ground while working outside. i ended up getting a ballistic case that has a more secure holster.
the otter box definitely protects your iphone from damage. however, its bulk makes it hard to select items on the edge of the screen, and keeps me from using it with my iphone dock.
ihe otterbox provides protection for your phone, but you can't see clearly in bright sunlight. the protective screen cover is easily scratched and increases the difficulty in viewing the screen icons.
i think that the otter box is very practical and protective, but it is not a very good looking cover for such a nice device as the iphone. it does the job, though and that is the main issue here, so looks will have to come second.
i purchased the otter box for my i phone 3. i am very satisfied with the case, however, the belt clip hook that allows the prop for the phone broke. the little hook is very flimsy compared to the sturdy quality of the case. is that clip replaceable?regards
listing of item specifically stated "retail packaging", however item arrived in a plastic bag, not in the retail packaging box. item is apparently intact and appears new, but i specifically purchased from this vendor over another based on the statement of "retail packaging".
quality good, fit good; however quite bulky and take getting use to.  i went back to a case/cover that allows the phone to easily fit into my pocket rather than on a belt clip.
the case is good but the clip is horrible. it keeps coming off the clip on slight movement. i am not very satisfied. not a value for money buy.
protects phone from small drops and scratches.makes the phone even bigger in size, prevents from plugging into some devices, makes touching items on the edge of the screen combersome at times.
if you are pretty rough on electronics, this case truly protects your iphone.  the only cons are that it is a bit bulky, the outer cover is "clingy" so it makes it a little difficult putting it in and out of your pocket.
case protects very well, but the screen is not clear. i have tried it with & without a screen protector on the phone, but it still has air behind the screen.
i have had my outerbox for two years. the clip broke off the holder within a month. other than that issue the case has held up great even with a two year old that loves to test it.
i like my case, but it the time i purchased it it was the only one available under $20 now i see you have the pink & black for &16.99. that's much nicer for a women than all black
the otterbox is great but don't use the belt clip. it doesn't hold the phone securely and several people that i knowhave lost their iphones without knowing the phone was missing. so i use the device to protect my iphone withoutthe belt clip. works just fine.
the otterbox is disappointing because it allows moisture or air into the case so that there are bubbles all over the face of my iphone. this makes me doubt it's ability to be waterproof and it makes it very hard to see my iphone's face in any kind of sunlight.
case fits phone well but is a little bulky.  some of the features were more difficult to work with. it gives the phone good protection.
i have problem with my screen protector.it has always water mark on the screen and i didn't know how solve this problem,other wise the case is good.
i didn't realize when i orderd this item what an otter box is   it is virtually indestructable. once you put it on your iphone, it is difficult to remove. and it is impossible to use with a car charger. so   it protects your iphone, but at a price.
i bought the defender after doing some net research.  i give the defender five stars, but the belt case sucks. the slightest bump and my phone falls out.
makes your iphone too big for your pocket. the screen of the box sticks to the iphone screen and that sticking leaves a lot of air bubbles leaving it look ugly. i use tvu player app a lot. the phone's signal reception improved when i took the box off.
the otterbox for my iphone did not fit.  i had to make modifications for it to work.  i would not recommend it for a 3g
too heavy, not well fit for my ears and, in the end, the rubber plug would fall all the time.
well, it started out as a 5 star and is for operational purposes but the thin flexible part that runs from the base to the mike wore out in less than 6 months and exposed the wires what then frayed and shorted out.
this device fits the ear well and is comfortable. unfortunately, the controls are difficult to operate, it does not give audible control levels, and the highest volume setting is too low. the quality of sound for the other listener seems great.
this product has excellent sound clarity and wind resistance.  it is clunky looking on, a minor issue.  the big issue is that i have to return this item for the second time for the same reason   it stops charging.
good sound but very heavy. the behind the ear design is very unwieldy. hard to set in the ear so the sound is not solid. i am going with a blue ant hands free unit.
i bought this for my husband.  the sound quality is great, one touch answering.  he was disappointed it isn't magnet driven for charging.
the headset works fine.  the fat part that goes around the ear is too big. i wear glasses and it would fall off at times.  i guess if you don't wear glasses it would be alright.
if needing a headset for hands free, this will do the trick.  it is great for all of your calling needs and has a descent range.  if this is all you need, then this is a good buy. if you need more, check out the voyager pro plus.
it's my first blue tooth set. the volume is good. it's pretty clear. maybe i should read the manual more, but it seems that you have to press and hold the power button twice to turn it on. seems to hold a charge for a while.
when it worked, it worked really well, but it was not easy to connect to new calls. the headset lasted 1.5 years and then would no longer hold a charge. bummer.
i really like the style looks and fit but the battery never seems to hold a charge (2hrs) i should have contacted the supplier about this  i have friends that have this unit and love it and it holds the charge for a full day
it is great but it was too bulky for me.it kept falling off my ear.
i owned two of these devices, both broke at the upper part of the rubber elbow after only 6 month of daily use. an apparent weakness in the material used to construct thyis device.
this headset is a replacement for one that i wear all day and even though the sound quality was great as expected from plantronics, it was too big to fit comfortably and stay on my ear.  i returned it and purchased the voyager 520/v521 which fits and works great>
it was an older version.  i was expecting something newer but it works for me.looks good with my lanyard i just bought.
the sound is very low and it's pretty hard to hear properly.overall sound is poor. 2 out of 5microphone is very clear 5 out 5
great quality while the device was in one piece. the ear bud came apart and there was no way to put it back on and have it stay. that is my only complaint but it did render the device unusable.
when listen is not to good and i like noise free is very good overhal i like. and i use very much good for truck driver .
i don't know if it's the shape of my ears or that i wear glasses but i just can't get this to stay on comfortably. it's a little disappointing since it sounds great.
for me this bt headset was just ok. i wear glasses and it seems that it is too bulky to fit snug along with me wearing glasses. liked the way it looked, nice styling.
plastic has broken at top of curve .i had expected much more from a plantronics product i hope it doesent get any worse
i replaced my jawbone with this plantronics headset after reading reviews.  it works well but seems to cut out sometimes.  the ear piece is bulky but not uncomfortable although somwhat difficult to put on. noise cancellation seems to be good and overall clarity is above average.
good earpiece.  good sound most of the time.  does not fit well behind the ear as well for eyeglass wearers.  have to adjust often to get it to stay behind the ear.
purchased two units.  one worked, and the other one failed within weeks.  working to see what recourse available for repair.
good sound quality, drains battery fast, a bit clumsy, you have to take time to fit it in your ear properly or forget hearing anything.  i like my basic old motorola unit better.
fast shipping. only problem is fitting in the ear   unable to get a good fit even with the extra earpiece.
is a very good headset with advanced features, the only think is plantronics doesn't have an upgrade to "voyager pro uc" for ip calls like skype.
ok i have owned this headset for 5 months and the rubber conduit that holds the microphone assembly has started to brake apart. it really is the best headset i have owned but at this price i do not want to keep replacing them every 4 5 months.
great design very modern looking. returned it becauseit was not compatible with the ipod touch for skype. theblue tooth on the ipod is mainly for wireless head phonesfor music.
all things said, it is an okay product.  but i still have to talk loud for someone to hear me.  not as good at handling noise like everybody says.  wish it would turn up louder too.
voice reception both ways is crystal clear. battery life could be better. when asking to call an individual i have not been able to get it to work at all. i do not have a foreign accent and do enunciate.
decent sound clarity.  loose fit.  easy to hang up on a call when trying to adjust the fit.  i'm still looking for my "keeper" headset.
i have been using this headset after nokia headset.pro: the voice quality is good and noice cancellation was excellent.con: its been 4 months now, suddenly the battery charge started to decline drastically, as it standby charge last for not more than a day.
the ear piece has very good pick up but it picks up everything including noises. when i first read the reviews on it my expectations were that it was like the jawbone not even close.
worked great for 4 months then stopped working, i sent it back for a return or credit.i like it better than the 975
i purchased this headset for my phone and, it worked pretty good at first but, now i am having issues with people hearing me.
the thing is beautiful, but it cannot give you a clear voice when in loud places like in a bus or on a crowded street. the sound quality is just so so, esp. for the music.
girlfriend i bought this for on christmas absolutely loves it. i can tell a major difference in sound quality on this bluetooth device over two other brands (nokia, samsung) i have.but have had to return it twice in 6 months for repairs.
sound quality very good just wish i would have got an ear piece that has the hook for over the ear.  very difficult for me to get it in place quickly and keep it there.
doesn't block the background noise. i have had a number of people tell me they can't hear me, or they can hear too much background noise. i did not have this problem with the plantronics voyager that i owned previously.
i have tried this, jawbone ii and plantronics 520 voyager.  plantronics 925 just didn't have the loudness nor did the caller sound "real".  i have been very impressed with the plantronics 520 and have kept that one for daily use.
good sound quality. hard to keep in your ear. takes alot of effort to keep from falling out when walking.
with children talking in another room the person on the other end of the line could hear the children as well as me. this wasn't acceptable so i returned it.
it's ok not great&#8230;.some people say i sound like i'm in a tunnel&#8230;&#8230;.that's my story and i'm sticking to it&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;.
this works well with my bberry storm. i move when i work though, and keeping this in my ear and positioned correctly is a real challenge.
this headset works fine, but it fits into the ear without a loop over the ear to hold it in place.  consequently, i find i have to constantly fiddle with it to be sure it is positioned correctly.
i have got my bluetooth earpiece about 2 weeks and i realize the volume button is already broken. it does not receive the signal well when the earpiece is a little bit away from my cellphone.
this bluetooth can be use only with one phone you just cannot pair it with other
works ok but not comfortable after being in your ear for a while. i have to keep switching ears because of the discomfort. except for that i would rate it higher.
the bluetooth works ok but i suspect one of my charging case is "faulty". i have been charging it for 3 days but the red charging light is still "on" thereby leading me to believe the battery inside is faulty.
i love the case and all the features on this earpiece, but it will not fit in my ears. i guess i have small ears because even the smallest attachment would not fit into my ear. i gave it to my son who loves it.
this is a very attractive great headset.  very light and no hook over your ear.  the only drawback is that the battery life is very short.  maybe 2 hours and you can never go overnight without charging it.
i can see where people really like this earpiece. the incoming and outgoing sound seemed very good. however, i could never get a comfortable fit, and the style was a little too feminine for my taste. i switched to the blue ant earpiece, and i'm very happy.
moderately comfortable.  easy to take in and out.  not loud enough.  variable microphone performance.  nice, pretty design.
lighter and better sounds, very good battery life, doesn't hurt my ears like the wrap around when i wear glasses
so small i lost it, and the fact that i always had trouble keeping it in my ear might have had something to do with it
great earpiece with clarity that beats out the competition. however i like the battery life and comfort more on the voyager pros more.with this headset, i always felt like it was going to fly out, though it never did.
liked the product, but for the life of me, i can not figure out a way to comfortably place the earbud in my ear.  i switched to the smallest included earbud, but it feels like the device is barely in the ear and always about ready to fall out.
the product is sleek and handy. battery life s good. only problem and gross problem s a buzzing disturbance with the voice. also the ear plugins are hard on the ear.
got this and paired with my htc/iphone 4. no issue so far, with only some minor interruptions during calls. the earpiece doesn't really fit well and hold the device firmed when you plug it onto your ear, that might be the only con i've for it.
i got this bluetooth earpiece for my husband as one of christmas gifts in 2011. he's been using it for a year., but i don't think he loves it. it's ok item i think.
i bought this head set after i lost my 665.  i liked the 665 because it fit my ear  better and was less expensive.  the 925 has better sound quality and is easier to re charge with the usb adapter.
the sound is clear and work okay. the unit is big and bulk and looks like a paperclip and there is only one button for sound.
the plantronics discovery 925 worked great for about 4 months, then it would not take a charge. i am still waiting to hear back from the maker regarding the warranty.
although i like this device, i have small ears and it is difficult to get this device inserted into my ear properly.  no problem with getting it to work with my i phone 4, but the ear piece is a little large for my ears.
very pleased with the audio quality.  it comes with three sizes of ear pieces, but none seem to the the right size to keep it in my ear.  it keeps a charge well.
doesn't work like i thought it would but just have to get use to it. still learning how to use it.
sound quality is poor and quite disturbing. the less expensive plantronics 510 is the best.
its cheaper cousin voyager 520 was far better on the quality, just not the right ear fit. this one fit fine but did not sound the best. had to return it.
worked fine with my bb curve but drove people crazy when i swithed to the tour. poor sound quality. now using jawbone with better sound results.
great sound and voice qualitily. i would have rated this a 5 star; however, the earpiece broke within 3 days. i contacted support and they shipped me a new one. but i have to pay for shipping. go figure.
nice device, but was not pleased with the comfort when wearing for extended periods of time. style was nice. all the features didn't work well with my iphone.
i have been pleased with this headset.  it hasnt impressed me in any way but it has been a more than satisfying experience using this device.
this is great if you are using it in a quiet place, but if you drive with the widows down or have a convertible like me, the wind causes some noise that can make a conversation very difficult.
its not clear for the listener on the other side.i ahve no idea what the problem is and tried lot of adjustments
this head set is ok. the sound is cleare and the head set is pretty light. the only thin bad about it is that it is big and hard to put back into the case.
it arrived on time packaged well, but its bigger than i expected and i can't just touch it to make a call.  i have to go to my phone to find the contact and make the call, then the bluetooth takes the call.  not so happy with it.
i bought this earpiece because it has great reviews. the sound quality on my end is great. it is loud and clear. i have complaints from the people on the other end of the phone saying that it has static. it is very comfortable in the ear.
people i called said the sound quality is good.  however, the earpiece hurt my ear.  i tried all three silicone tips, but none helped the eventual pain.
it seems like a good product other then the short distance away from the phone untill it starts fading signal. cheaper models of blue tooth devises i found have better range then that. otherwise it seems to be a good product, i suppose
it is a good quality of headset, but it is not comparable with ipod touch 2nd g, os 3.0.
ok unit but very uncomfortable because of the bulk behind the ear. i strongly prefer the plantronics 220
the newer voyager pro is much, much better but this was a good bluetooth device in it's day. not as tough as i would have liked though.
this is the first headset that i ever bought that did not come with any instructions i can not load it on my phone
i bought this headset because it is rated the best sounding and transmits the best sound.  it is the best i have ever had.  the only downfall is the larger size and awkward controls.  the sound quality trumps the control issues. the sound quality is great.
i found that this bluetooth had great sound.  i also loved the fact that you could sync this with 2 different phones at the same time for use.  the only problem i had with it was that the ear pieces did not fit in my ear very well.
had for 5 months, but hardly ever use, coz my old mobile phone won't find it.
the earpiece is a comfortable wear, but the clarity is lacking.  it is a very difficult earpiece to hear with,
i bought this based upon the rave reviews. we have a static problem if the phone is not real close (i.e. no farther than pants pocket.) seems good other than that.
the sound quality is good, but the size is larger than i expected. all in all a good deal for what you pay, i just wish it was smaller.
this headset work ok on my phone, but not well at all with my usb bluetooth adapter on my computer.  also, the instructions aren't right in how to use it with my phone.
seems to have flaws in it, but the sounds is great
the unit works fine, but has a custom charging connection which if i would have have noticed before buying, i wouldn't have gotten it.  i'm a big fan of mini and micro usb connections, not what this has.
i'm trying to get a replacement under warranty.  the cover fell off of the microphone (it was held on by a little glue) and incoming callers cant hear my voice   but i can hear them.
its a reallly good bluetooth headset. but it doesnt work well with samsung t809. if i keep the phone in my pocket. the voice starts distorting. works well for my friend who has a sony. no probs at all.
the bluetooth was working fine, however it will not charge and i am trying to locate who to contact so it can be repaired or replaced.  it was less than 30 days old when he stopped working.  do you know who i can call or email?  thanks.
this headset sounds great, fits well, and has great volume  but it does not work with cisco ip communicator (voip), and the on/off button is extremely difficult to use, especially if you're in the car.  if you have big fingers, forget it.
if you have problems hearing this is for you.i have tried several, this is the best of the lot.the only problem i have is i get a weak signal notice many times, i don't know if it's the headset or my phone (razor).
comfortable, but i am told that my voice sounds distant or "hollow". think i'd try a jawbone next time
i was disappointed at the extremely low range of this device. however, it is comfortable to wear and does function as advertised.
plantronics makes good products, but this one didn't work for me.  the 510 is too bulky, with an awkward fit.  and the controls are too small for my fingers.  good product, but it just didn't work for me.
well, it's bulky as u can see ! and the pairing with my treo is terrible. keep logging off from my phone. i dont know if anyone out there has the same problem. very comfortable and very clear to hear.
the headset is light and fits well in the ear, however the sound quality is average with increased static as the headset loses its charge.
i got this for my partner. while the voice quality is very good and it is comfy on the ear the sounds are often transferred to the phone (handset) in the middle of the conversation, so we cant hear anything. this has happened with both his handsets.
this product is ok on the ps3 because whenever you turn on the headset after the controller it messes up the signal on the crontroller, so you would have to turn the controller on and off again.
overall the voyager 510 is a good product. clear transmission, no complaints from my clients who are at the other end. the 510 stays charge for quite some time.the downside is the earpiece which is enourmous and it's difficult to put on if you are wearing your sunglasses.
truck drivers seem to like this model because reception with the noise filtering works better than the more sensitive models.  good value for the price!
the unit works well, but a little hard fitting the ear to the unit so that it is loud enough to hear without pressing it as you converse.
the sound coming out from the headset is kind of soft, and the fit of the headset is somewhat loose.
this product is ok, i am quite happy with the sound quality and volume that i hear and the headset is comfortable to wear. often times though folks at the other end complain about sound quality / volume. lynking with a blackberry 8800 phone works very well.
works well as far as sound but it is not very comfortable, especially if you are wearing glasses (sunglasses included).
the clarity of a phone call on this little device was great.  however, my ear is too small and the headset would not stay on, so i returned it.
this headset has very good sound, but is hard to put on though once on, stays put pretty well. the on/off button is incredibly small
average performance, not particularly well performing in windy conditions or with city noise.  pretty much like all others i have tried.
satisfied with this purchase although surprised about the static reception when located a five or more feet from the phone. good fit for my ear and comfortable for lengthy use. would recommend.
relatively inexpensive, fits moderately comfortably (6 10) and the noise cancelling feature seems to work ok.  the on and off switch is terrible  it is very tight and located in a difficult to reach area.
it worked ok while until it died after 13 months.  even before that   after only a couple months   the signal strength would drop after about half hour of talk time. static from low battery was annoying.
i thought this was the greatest thing ever when i first bought it.  however, after a few months people started to have a hard time hearing me clearly.
good sound quality, but difficult to turn on and off.  not as easy to use as i thought.  also my ears are small, so the piece behind the ear doesn't always stay in place
the sound quality is okay, sometimes people can't really hear me though.one time i accidentally dropped it in the water, after i let it dry, it's working again.  now i give it to my boyfriend, he uses to play red dead redemption online on ps3 with his friends.
it worked really well   for about a year.  now it doesn't work at all.  still i felt like i had no choice but to replace it with another, since from what i've heard, when it works it's better than the others.
was good to be able to talk to tech support and use both hands on keyboard.  no longer needed for that use, since techies can now come into your computer.
i can't get the thing to stay on my ear.  i'm too frustrated with it, even though the sound quality is great.
for the most part, it works well, but there are occasions when i or the caller can't hear anything at all and a new call has to be made
love the earpiece. love the price! easy and simple setup. the only thing it's missing is voice recognition and the ability to listen to my mp3's.
the sound on this voyager 510 is good, but,back ground noise can be heard on other end. the charge doesn't hold up as long as i wish it would. and the part that is behind the ear is big! glasses or sunglasses can be a challenge.
the sound quality is excellent but the battery life isn't the advertised 6 hours.  the fit isn't exact either, it does fall off of my ear quite a bit if i don't adjust it frequently.
this wireless headset is good for the value. i don't get many complaints about others not being able to hear me. my only issue is i have smaller ears so i have to have it sit just perfectly so it doesn't fall out of my ear.
i received super fast 2 days with student prime, the unit is very comfortable.  problem is that so far just about every call has high amounts of static, not good.  i have only worn it since this morning and some calls static is unbearable.
its a little big for me.the on/off switch is difficult.make sure it is off or you will use up your battery
all other reviews pretty much tell how good this unit is.  my only complain is that the on/off switch is so small and is very hard to press. you need a sharp thumb nail to actually press that button.
the unit works okay.  sometimes the connection drops and reconnects.  the earpiece can be very uncomfortable if worn for an extended period of time.  i haven't attempted to change out the earpiece to another size.
good price, decent performance.  only problem is folks on the other end always complain about very low volume when i speak.
i bought this for my hubby less than an year ago. he liked the shape and th fit. it is very convenient to wear. but has already started giving problems.
i bought this headset as a replacement to my existing motorola headset. i've tried two different motorola headsets with my ps3 and they always have problems. this headset is very cost efficient and works perfect with the ps3. i'm very happy i got it.
it wouldn't work if the phone and the bluetooth were more than ten feet apart.  the pairing was not as bad but many times it would disconnect one line or the other
i purchased this item because it was highly regarded by other purchasers on amazon reviews and because it was also highly rated by a consumer website.  it functions as expected except i'm using it for work, and it doesn't stay charged for 8 hours straight.
it was a good headset: worked with both my cell phone and my laptop (skype, voip). just after the warranty expired, the microphone stopped working: i hear people, but they don't hear me (tried with a number of cell phones, so it is definitely the headset).
the plantronics voyager 510 is a great earpiece but the noise cancellation has much to desired. i still have trouble with others hearing me while driving.
this is a good product , but after i received it, the lights stopped working, and so ou cannot be sure if it is charging or not
i had to return the 1st set i received   wouldn't connect with my phone.  i now have used the set for a couple of months, but the charge/on lights now no longer work.  the set works well, though.
great bluetooth.good sound and comfortable to wear.i'm on my 4th one.it has one downfall.after charging it multiple times, the small contact pin in the base breaks off making it unchargeable.but i keep buying them.wish they would fix the charging problem.
this product is kinda big. wish it was a little smaller and cheaper, but the sound for this is really clear. its a ok product to have if its under 25 dollars
this product reduct the noise but the unit only holds a charge for about 30 to 45 mins. sent the unit back to man. for repair over a week ago.
very hard to use for an older person. wind noise ia not 100% noiseless. i am getting accustomed to wearing it; just having a problem putting the thing on. the ear piece is uncomfortable and bulky.
it works, and must be wonderful to use when you're driving, but most of the time, to me, it's just another thing to carry around in my shirt pocket. i have to scramble for it each time the phone rings. of course, i am 80 years old.
ok sound and comfortable to use. battery gets weak after about six hours of stand by and drops on and off.
this unit works as advertised, but i'm not impressed with its size.  it's too bulky for me, but was good for the price.bottom line: buy if you can't get your hands on a jawbonejawbone icon series hero bluetooth headset (black).
i have been having problem with this headset. i need to have it replaced soon.
nice headset.  it should send the caller's voice more clearly when i move the headset away from my motorola phone.  shipping was great.
great sound on receiving, distance from cell phone is as advirtised. a little cumbersum behind the ear compared to others on the market.was supposed to be improved wind noise on the mic, not so, any exterior noise is picked up and is transmitted covering your voice.
i have not found a bluetooth that works close to perfect yet. this one rates with the rest of them to me. its not made for small ears. you will have to try it for yourself.
they work great but don't last as long as i'd like. be careful with plugging in the charger. the plug is a bad design.  i keep buying them though.  in fairness i'm pretty rough on them too.
technically a great product. problem is no adjustment for back of ear to center of ear canal. bigger people (me) don't get the volume. bending it doesn't work. it just flexes back.
my wife has motorola 850 and she complains it has noise problem. i decided to buy this one with noise cancelation. i can hear myself echoing while talking. the echo is low but noticable.
the unit is good, but we had trouble with it taking voice commands to connect to a number.  some of the time it would not answer when we pushed the answer button.
works ok. sometimes moisy. more comphortable than comparable motorola (h700), but did not see great improvement in quality of the signal.
it does everything it's suppose to do except in the wind.  outside, it is about useless.
good for short sessions at least for me. after an hour or so they start to hurt my ears.
it's sale price was good.  but it doesn't fit good & is not as comfortable as it would be with a solid adjustable head band.
good headset for casual use.  not so good for active lifestyle.  if you plan to jog with it, your sweat will eventually corrode the paint on the headset making it look rather ugly.  other than that i had no problems with it over a 6 month use.
somewhat delayed key responses and uncomfortable behind the ears. sound output is decent no adjustment behind the ears, so either it fits or it won't.
while i haven't had any problems getting this headset to work with my mobile, pc, and tablet, i find the sound quality inferior to competing products in the same price range. also, the headset becomes quickly uncomfortable to wear.
these were great and i used them at home, in the gym, and on the go. however, after 4 months the button to increase volume stopped working. bummer.
feels good around the dome.responsive buttons.secure hold on runs, but not constrictive.sound is not good. zero bass and tinny.foam speaker cover has already fallen halfway off after 2 months.
compare to other price in best buy in price its worth to buy to eliminate the wire that breaks alot
the headset linked easily with my tablet and phone.  but, the sound quality is not the best, and with its size, i'm not sure how much i'll use it.
not to shabby but i expected more. a little hard to wear. sound is clear though. blue tooth easy to pair
i'm getting a type of static from the left speaker when listening to music.by tapping the speaker i've got it to stop for now. now the right speaker is doing it but not as bad. i want to return it but have not had the time.
works good, sounds great for price.  died after 3 weeks;  i sweat too much during workout.  suppose would be fine for anything that wouldn't include sweat
sound quality is good and it's very affordable but i have noticed that a month after use, getting an unbroken signal from the phone in my pocket to my headset on my ears is not easy. works great on my treadmill though.
they fall off occasionally but provide great sound.  if you just sit there and listen to music they for kids in a car for a road trip.  not ideal for those working out or running. or not ideal for those who wear glasses or sunglasses.
i bought 2 pair. one for me and one for my wife. they worked great for me for the first 2 weeks but then shorted during a sweaty workout.  my wife's lasted about 5 months before they died.
sound quality is great but selecting on off and volume difficult. after wearing for long period of time ears get hot and uncomfortable. uncomfortable with sunglasses
the sound quality is what you'd expect for this price but i would have liked a little better battery life.
setting up with my phone and ipod was easy but took several attemptsbattery life cycle was too short had to recharge after two hours
she used them every day, but ultimately switched to in ear buds for waking around. she likes these when listening at home.
battery life sucks! other than that they are great. comfortable and work well in the weather. overall decent head phones.
its not comfortable on the neck.need to improve regarding this. and sound is also not that good.and multiple device should be connected.
sound is great.  great bluetooth headphones for your ipod.  sound is also great for calls on cell.  however, it does not have the best microphone when you speak on you cell.
the stereo sound from these headphones is fine, meeting expectations at this price point. phone performance is compromised by a microphone that amplifies even the smallest background noise.  fine at your desk, less useful in a car or outdoors.
this is a ok unit with good sound.  the only drawback is limited battery life.  6 8 hours max.  keep your charger close.
we ordered two of them, and one works just fine, but the other we have not been able to make the bluetooth work at all,
performance is pretty good on the motorola and i purchased to use on my ps3 for call of duty.  my complaint is that after a long evening of gaming, it becomes uncomfortable and begins to irritate my ears and head.
it didn't cost much but it is very light. the sound is ok but wanted sharper sound. would not buy again
this is a good well priced product but beware skype users because you will not be able to use it for skype calls
the bluetooth works perfectly however the volume on this is horrible! even all the way with the volume turned all the way up, the music sounded like a faint whisper in my ear.  i would recommend getting another product.
the motorola s305 bluetooth stereo headset does not deliver sound as good as  the kinivo bth240, but still a nice headset and it smaller and lighter than the kinvio.
i accidently or inadvertently paired this device with my dishnetwork reciever first, now i can't pair it with my iphone or my ipad.where can i find help in this matter?regards
product arrived quickly and works well while i run and listen to music on my droid x. however the phone aspect could be better. people that i'm talking to have a hard time understanding me at times due to it cutting out somewhat
i had these headphones for about 2 months and then the battery stopped charging.  therefore i am returning them through the manufacturers warranty.  i hope the next pair last.
these worked for a few months and went dead. i liked them while they worked. i wish they lasted longer tho.
i loved the idea of wireless headphones for workouts.  the sound is great, but the construction isn't flexible enough for my apparently giant sized head.  the "over the ear" plastic parts pinch and cause headaches if i use them for more than 30 minutes.  sad face.
the product is okay but it's a little bit too small for my bighead i would recommend it to somebody that has a small head
i bought this headset because of rating it got from customers. good thing i didn't expect much because i think i got what i paid for. plastic band looks and feel cheap and hurts behind my ear after hour of use. i wouldn't recommend this for workout use.
the sound quality is very good, the problem is the fit of the earphones. they just are not comfortable. i simply can not get them in a position where i would like to wear them for any time period longer than 30 minutes.
they sound good, but the fit can be a little wonky if you're wearing glasses (two things competing for the same space).  for the price i paid, i don't regret getting these as a pair of gym headphones.
bought these to work with an iphone and it is verrry finicky about pairing with them. they do feel like i need to be careful with them. once they're on and working, they do work nicely.
the headset itself is very good but it is quite uncomfortable. the plastic next to the ears is sharp and pointed which quickly results in very uncomfortable or even painful feeling.
not comfortable for sitting at a desk wearing a collared shirt.  they are probably fine for wearing a t shirt and being on the move.  personally, i can't get comfortable with them.  sound quality, and using for phone calls was good.
the first pair quit completely after a couple weeks.  however, amazon replaced them with a new pair immediately and will see how they work out.  the sound is great, the connection to the phone is easy and they are lightweight.  just hope they continue to work.
all the functions of this headset work very well although the sound quality is only adequate. i'm disappointed in the bass quality that is produced with this headset.
sound for music is ok. cannot get rid of background noise but it is convenient not to have wires and to be able to answer the phone is nice too.  no bass at all which is disappointing.  not bad for the money.
they are convenient for conference calls, and work well.  i'm impressed by the battery life.  the only drawbacks, are that they don't fit well if you are wearing glasses because of the rigid design and the sound is really "tinny" if you are listening to music.
these headphones work fine but they are not the most comfortable over the ears. i wish i would have tried them on in person first but i was going for the reasonable price. some times it pays to pay a little more for better design.
these sound okay for the price but there is a distinct &#34;fuzz&#34; in the background when it connects to your device.
great while they worked. i sweat profusely when i exercise and these are the furthest thing from waterproof. they are the second broken pair i have.
i would recommend these headphones however after 7 weeks they are now defective. and my last day to return them was three days ago. i have to plug them in to turn them on. what a bummer!
looks good. nice sound quality but has a background noise that is anoying when not playing. had trouble conecting to my phone but worked well with laptop.
i have 2 pairs of these headphones and use them while power walking outdoors.  the sound is good but i've noticed that they cutout occasionally.  i have not figured out what's causing it.  when they work, they work well enough.  just wish it was more consistent.
they don't seem to sit right on my head a little too much space in the back. also, the indicator light is hard to see if you turned it on or not. also, it doesn't seem like they reach very far.
the head set needs an ajustable size band to keep it secure to one's head.sound quality is fine.
it may be my ears but it gets irritating and painful after a while.for me anyway.  they cut too (the music, i mean) once in a while, but definitely worth the whole 3 stars  for sound quality and price.
they are light and comfortable. they sound great. in fact they sound better than my wired headphones.the battery life is atleast 2 days and they work with the phone. all for $35 dollars.
i got the headphones a week ago.  they worked very well for me.  connection went fine on three devices, pc, tablet, and phone.the complain i have is that bass sounds.  if they are somewhat loud, sound distortion occurs immediately.
i've ordered these 3 times. they're great. would like them to be a bit louder. and the product only lasts approx 6 months.
love the concept, but execution not so great. sound for some reason is intermittent. charge lasts for about 4 6 hours which i'm ok with, but it does stink when you're out and about and they stop working. i've gone back to my wired headphones.
these headphones are great sounding, but they are very uncomfortable on your head. if you are looking for some basic wireless head phones, then these are the ones you should buy simply because of the price.
these are nice, light and good sound (though i like the samsung's better).  they're kind of flimsy though so i try not to carry them around too much. good value for money.
it is an alright product but it hurts my ears. make sure you turn it from phone settings to music in bluetooth sound settings on your device or it will sound like ass.
its the second one i've bought first one lasted about 2 years. i think i got it sweaty power walking. the headband is kind of poor quality its not shaped correctly. works good though and the price is cheap.
i bought these last wk. tried them out and the sound is great. but they hurt my ears and are uncomfortable to wear to long. they dig into my ears.
everyone can hear my music in the gym. whit the kind of music i listen too may not be good.
the headphones "skip" a lot. the charge doesn't hold. sound is good. sometimes the headphones just start doing commands unpromted.
cheap build, but sound good for the money. well worth price. tried others and sound was above par. a little bright but clear. not for long listening, but good for staying connected and mobility wile enjoying music.
i like not being tethered to my iphone.  however, these headphones do not like the cold and beep a lot if it is too cold.
i bought this because i wear hearing aids and have to have an over the ear headset.  the first time i wore it jogging, a little sweat got in it, and now it's completely dead.  aside from that, i thought it worked well and was very comfortable.
nice product,  good sound.  not too confortable in your head. plus is has problems pairing two devices at once.  overall is ok for the price
the motorola s305 sounds good, but disconnects all the time.i am using it on a macbook air, and have never had trouble with any other device.i bought a set of jabra bluetooth headphones and have not experienced any problems.maybe motorola and mac don't like each other?
these headphones work well and have quite good sound for the price. had no connection problems with a variety of devices. the problem was that they are far and away the most uncomfortable headphones i have ever had. tried to get used to it. couldn't.
i bought these to use with my galaxy tab, and i am not impressed, the sound is ok, but for what i paid for, i was expecting a lot more.
easy to pair, and produce decent sound.  controls are easy to use.  they are fairly comfortable, but not so good when wearing glasses.
sound quality ok. it picks up allll the background noises which can be very annoying. after an hour of use, it started to hurt my ears. it should come with optional 3.5mm cord though. that would be great.
prosprice is goodblutooth works with my ps3, iphone 3g, blackberry and pc.it is easy to set upgood bat lifelooks niceconsterryble highs, when listening to electronic music like tiesto or similar, the highs gets distortedno adjustable band
i rarely used this headset but it's good.the only draw back i found it is it's not supporing windows 64 bit operating system
the product is working very well but the sound output is clearly audible not only for the user but also for the people around you and decreasing the volume by one level will not be sufficient for the user.
loved these headphones for working out and riding bike.average as a phone headset.  after 3 years the battery will not re charge.  but they were heavily used.would like to have a replaceable battery, but will order another set anyway.
i love the fact that i can use my ipod wirelessly. it helps alot in the gym without the wires. the product shipped quickly and everything worked immediately.
this ear set works great in the beginning. after have it for about a month and a half it would not charge are connect to the blue tooth on my phone.
prompt deliverybut lost connectivity on two of my devices. first it worked then it it didnt. it works fine on my ipad.
works ok so far, had it a month. too bulky though so it looks dumb. wouldve liked rubberized padding instead of sweat soaked foam.yuck. would not recommend really.
using this for android is awesome but for iphone you need to bring your cord with you which sort of defeats the whole purpose
works great. powers ipad, phone for long plane trips.the usb 2.1 works great, the usb1.0 never worked.would buy again, but i really hate the hastle of returning defective products.
good battery pack for traveling, but recently something broke inside and it rattles, which worries me, so it stays in home as a backup charger when the energy services get interrupted, and i still fully cycle it each month just for fun.
the clarity of the sound is not great, sound is better using the fm, but that takes more effort. i find this is usable for brief conversations, while avoiding digging my phone out. preferable to any headsets i've used.
relatively happy with this products performance, one thing it was not clear to me that the only option to charge this item was with a car charger, this option is really not fesible due to the charging process occurring only when your driving, had to purchase a d/c charger.
the product works well   when it works   it turns its selff off whenever it feels like it   i think it would be better to have a hard wire kit instead of having a coiled cord flopping around your windshield when you are driving.
have to press and hold button for almost 10 seconds before it will turn on . motorola has newer models that turns on by motion detector. i would recommend these as an alternative.
the t505 works ok.  when you are using the fm transmitter, the frequency has to be reset if you are idle for 10 min. annoying!  it also drops the connection constantly.  seems to work well once its in use.
it works great, but there's very little functionality for an iphone user. theres no volume control when used in fm mode. also it doesn't stream good quality music over fm when in ipod mode. it sounds like your streaming over the internet.
for calls it works great. if you want to listen to mucic on the internal speaker, sounds ok.want to use it to transmit music to your car stereo, not so great.
the speaker works fine, and people i call say they can hear me fine, but it takes a bit of patience (or a good sense of humor) to get the t505 to understand who i am trying to call.
the fm part is a pain.  as you move around so does the fm station (dangerous looking for the new area station :>))connection from phone may be me or the device, probably me.it's the "law"  speeding is ok, however !!
the sound quality leaves something to be desired.  people i talk to complain that the speakerphone picks up a lot of background noise while i'm on the highway.
i eventually ended up getting a bluetooth stereo, but this worked okay. i just wanted less wires and slightly better sound.
the unit powers off over time which makes it useless.good idea to save power but it's useless to have and can't be used too effective if it auto powers off.compact and very handle and simple to use though.
works good,looks good, once you get it set up. i had problems doing that,still having some getting it to work thru my fm.
well it works but not very good vaolume is too low and you cant put it up bat does not last very long
leaves you wanting a better solution, sound qualty is just not there both for incoming and outgoing calls. good idea just not implemented well enough
it's very good product, and very easy to use!there is some static from time to time, but for the most part it's good!
although it does work well. it is not for use in a small truck with the extra road noise that truck lets in. it might be better for a car.
works quite well. not too much background noise. sometimes it has trouble understanding spoken names. works well for the price.
very good device. i bought it because i did not want to install a hands free kit.the signal gets a little weak when driving longer distances but all you need to do is re tune and the reception is crystal clear again
still has some kinks in it. when you are already on a conversation it's difficult to transfer to the car speakers. once you travel you have to keep switching stations to get good reception.
this product for the most part does what it should.  the biggest issue i have is interference when i try to play my tunes through the fm radio in my car.  overall a good thing to have if you get it for a reasonable price.
works well most of the time, sometimes the voices sound gargled, sometimes people cannot understand me this is about 10% of the time. other than that when it works it pretty good overall.
it would have been nice to know that the device did not include the clip for the visor as shown in the picture. i suppose that's why the cost was so low.
i have not been able to make this device work properly in either of my cars.  the link to my itouch just does not work at all.  so, i am disappointed because if it would work, it would be a very nice thing.
i have had a few issues.static sounds scratchy.but i am not sure if its more due to area and phone.
this was a gift and according to him, it is a little too big & hurts his ear.  if there are ways to make it better that can be appreciated.
quit working after just a few weeks of use. not sure what happened, it still charges just can't hear him on his phone with it.
i have an older model plantronics headset and like it just fine.  i purchased this one for my wife with out realizing that unlike mine, this one did not come with the car charging kit.
the quality of the sound is very good, the volume control easy to manipulate but it does not sit comfortably in my ear.  i have trouble getting it to stay in and find it nearly impossible to do anything while wearing it as it comes loose and falls out.
the only thing i dislike about this bluetooth is the person your talking to can hear every single thing going on around you & the volume is so high it hurts their ears,it's a good back up bluetooth
my only dislike is it picks up a lot of background sounds through the mic and there seems to be a lot of static in the spreaker. stil worth the money.
it was easy to set up.  i find the hearing volume too low when in my vehicle.  the volume adjustment is not adequate.
purchased this as an alternative to my voyage 510 because the 510 doesn't fit my ear that well. the incoming sound quality is better but the battery life is not as long and the noise canceling mike has a tendency to cut out when you breathe hard on the mic.
i absolutely love my 520 however the rubber (plastic) part of the earpiece has broken off, so i can't use it anymore!!!  it can't be fixed or replaced  (i checked with plantronics) so i am stuck and have to buy something else.
this is decent for the money, but the footprint is alot larger than some of the newer and sleeker version that is available now.  the performance on this unit is fine but the weight on this unit might eventually start bothering your ear.
it is ok. not that much good.its having hardly 2 meter of range. if you go away from your cell about 3 meters then i can here noise. its not worth to invest in this product.
sometimes people i was talking to would say they heard alot of noise in the background. there should be mimimal noise because this headset has a noise canceling feature. called plantronics and they are shipping me out a replacement. awesome company.
this is a very sturdy and durable device, however it is a bit hard to hear and i cannot figure out how to make the volume louder, if even possible
had this product alittle over a month.  fits solid over the ear, clear sound but feels bulky.  would recommend buying this product.
pros:easy to use,easy set up,good sound,good range (about 10 ft from cell)cons:ear piece slightly larger than the ear hole, not very comfortable for long use.picks up body interference when used on the other side where you have the cell phonecould come with vibration feature when left in the pocket
i am happy w/the headset in general.  my only issue is.if you wear the headset for extended periods of time it begins to hurt over top & around back of my ear where it sits.
it was in a t mobile packaging which surprised me a bit but overall it is a good buy for the price that you pay.
the voyager 520 was a big disappointment. the volume control,had to be sky high for you to here, and even then there was no guarantee that, that would work.
i really liked this headset when i first bought it. after a couple months it stopped holding a charge and i haven't used it since. it just holds a spot in my drawer. maybe the next one will be a little more impressive.
this is my second voyager and while equal to the original in clarity and solid construction, the battery life is significantly shorter.  make sure you have a car charger on hand.
well this was a great product for about three days, sound was great, easy to pair with my blackberry curve 8310 but unfortueatly it just simply stopped working after three days so alas i cannot recommend the product.
this product is great because it is small, but the phone has to be on the same side of your body as the bluetooth or it has static. could also be better about noise reduction than it has.
it work ok.  fit really good in the ear.  had to reset it to much.  but over all i will give it a c+.
it's just good but after awhile my ear starts hurting. it looks they change something on the design.btw, this is my 2nd bt, same brand. i had the other one for 2 years with no issues.
not as comfortable on the ear as the last one i had but it works well and that is what really matters.
good comfort & fit   wind noise cancellation no better than any of my other headset   good quality & functionality   do not purchase for wind noise canelling
bought this to replace my old motorola.  sound quality is average, i get some static.  people on the other end of the phone tell me they can hear me fine. very comfortable to wear, easy to operate, battery lasts much longer than my old bluetooth headset.
sound quality is fine, no complaints from the person on the other end and they her me perfectly.  i just can't see to keep the bluetooth in my ear even with the ear loop.
it seems to be rather static prone when i talk to the person i gave it to. it also has random drops in volume sometimes, but when it works right (80% of the time) it sounds great.
the title of this review says it all. btw   the unit stays charged for a reasonable period of time.
i purchased this after my motorola finally out (battery).  i am dissapointed that the volume only goes so high it makes it hard to hear at times.
you can buy this device but the reviews i've read before are not according to the results. good batery, but not long for a week and the reception, specialy for the other person who you are talking to, the voice is brakes up.
good working.  rests on the ear well.  easy to hear.  doesn't work in wind.
comfortable and priced right, this headset works well with my blackberry 8310 most of the time. significant interference noise occurs at seemingly random times, but i suspect this is due to the blackberry.
my wife did not like this headset as much as her old 510  no one really uses blue tooth headsets anymore though, i stopped once i got my iphone.
what i like is the fit in my ear.  it is so comfortable that most times i don't realize that it is my ear.  what i don't like is the crackling as soon as i move a step from my phone.  the range is very limited.
the range is poor, i find once i am 5 feet away from the cellphone, there is a great of static.  it holds a charge fairly well, reasonable recharge time.  for the money, it is worth it.
it's ok doesn't say what strength the battery is (like i'm use too) but i do like that it is so easy to pair. when you walk into another room while wearing it the devise cuts out on you and that's a problem.
nice fit, easy to set; however, range is very limited and volume is low. even when volume on cell phone is at maximum.
this headset fits very well on my ear, does not swings around, i can even jog with it on.  the battery life does not last as long as i wish it would however, sounds ok also!
the unit is easy to link with a bluetooth.the earpiece after an hour or so becomes uncomfortable.the volume and ringer volume are difficult to hear while driving. even at high volume the ring is barely perceptiable against background noise.
doesn't seem to get along well with the iphone even though it was recommended as a good choice.
delivered on time. problem is with product, i frequently have people saying that there is a lot of static when on the phone with them.
although this pairs with an ipad (ios 5.01) it does not work with skype on the ipad.  i don't know whether it is an ios problem or a skype problem.on the other hand, this headset works just fine with my motorola android phone.
my husband had the voyager legend but twisted it the wrong way and broke it. i thought this would be the solution but he says its not nearly as comfortable so we are going back to the legend!
i wasn't that pleased it appeared to be used and i have found it doesn't hold a charge long enough.
the plantronics voyager 520 is a good headset. though i always hear a buzzing in the background that gets pretty annoying.
i purchased this bluetooth headset because it can be paired with 2 different cell phones simultaneously.  however, i have problems hearing sometimes. it really needs a volume control button.
the product works great but there is an annoying nipple on the back that goes into your ear, no matter what you do it never sits right. just wanted to pass this along
very staticky, especially for the money.  had a cheap headset until the battery died that was superior to this in every way.  i guess you dont always get what you pay for.
the voyager 520 is a great product for occasional use.  the ear bud is a bittoo large for long term use.  the sound is clear and volume control helpful.
pros   i can hear better than with other headsets.cons   falls off my ear when i put sunglasses on, people day i sound far away, sometimes i hear lots of static.
my order came in on time as expected. i didn't realize that the cord was so short (didn't mention it in the description ). i was hoping it was longer. i can't use it as much as i want because of the length.
this product arrived on time and in good condition. the quality could be a little better it's a little thin and the length could be a little longer.
product didnt arrive with a samsung label but quality of the cables is not at all bad. the time it takes to charge the phone is definitely longer than the original but it does charge and you can still use the phone while its charging as expected.
this is a replacement for a usb charger but can be used for any male male usb to micro usb connection.  they are pretty short but work as advertised.
looks the same as far as quality is concerned.works well with the samsung vibrant.beware though the length is not the same as the original one. this isn't a problem for me, but might be for you.it's roughly 2/3rds in length of the original.
i bought this to use with my car charger. it fit the charger but the other end frequently dislodged from my samsung fascinate.
i was expecting a longer cable, so i could use it on my computer. however it is short. so make sure the length is what you are expecting.
not really a fan of this cord.  it does the job, but its pretty short.  wish it was about 2 feet longer.
i got this item to replace and item like it that was broken. this item is working just fine for the item got it for
i'm not convinced that this cable is authentic.  it like the other set i purchased has its faults but i don't use it enough to be 100% sure if its the real deal, so i will say at this time its ok .
this is not a samsung cord. it's a knockoff. it works okay on my phone but i have a samsung galaxy s2 and the charge is much slower than the real samsung cord. free shipping is nice though. cord is quite short & two were sent.
like to watch my soaps on my tablet while pretending to watch manly sports games on the tv. this wire lets me keep it charged so it doesn't die mid 'tun tun tun' camera zoom plot twists.
unfortunately, i only had a few months of this. it was so convenient to bring it with me in my purse but it broke too soon at the base where the usb connects.
got it promptly in the mail.  works as advertised and serves its purpose but disappointed with the short cord.  will probably buy again.
wish the cord was longer.doesn't fit my captivate as snugly as i would have liked.  but does work.
three feet is not quite long enough for normal use.  six feet should be standard.i knew what i ordered though.
they are great in the beginning, but after some use stop working and lose the tight connection.  have had to buy 5 so far as replacements.  great price if the shipping is included.
product took really, really long to arrive.  when it did finally arrive it was good and worked well! product was as described.
i bought this just to have a spare around the house and have no complaints regarding it.  nothing really makes the cord &#34;special&#34; but as a usb cable that hasn't broken after all this time, i'm pleased with it months later.
the charger is already starting to show signs of wear, but for the price, who am i to complain. you usually get what you pay for
i ordered this needing a long cord but what arrived was two short cords. the cords worked great but they were very very short.
cord lasted for about three months, i believe all the cord last for a certain amount of time before giving out.
i was expecting the cord to be the length of the original cord what it is not it is really short and it makes it hard to even put you phone on a table to even charge it.
works just fine, does its job, decently long. if you need a usb cable, here you go. not much else to say.
i do not think this was any better quality than the off brand ones you can get really cheap at the flea market or even walmart.  none of them last so i plan on buying cheap and often
the usb didn't let me transfer my files but that's ok because i can transfer them other ways & it said my computer had an error. the charger is a little aggravating though because it'll be charging, but then if you move it, it may stop charging.
the replacement cable works alright, but it is not as nice as the oem. it is a little hard to insert into the phone. it does work alright. i thought i was getting the same as the original charging cord.
works well. had some trouble with it charging my phone initially because it was too loose, but propping it up on something helped. not sure if its my phone or the charger.
the cable works. just be sure the length is correct for what you need. not much eles to say enjoy
it's a good product for the price but length is lil too short, wish it was little longer as the original one is much longer in size.
bought 2 of these to plug into oem motorola spn5689a dual port universal wall charger at my nightstands cords are really short but works weel at the computer and in my car.
even though i got this charging cable for a really good deal, it doesn't stay inside of my phone port. the phone port on my phone is no good.
very fast shipment but the cord didnt last long, got a shortage in it quick, im guessing because of the length, but i would probably still buy another one if i was low on cash, because all and all when it did work it worked great
i at first recieved a cord that looked nothing like the picture, but after a complaint they called me and in the end i recieved the correct product.
this cable, &#34;samsung replacement usb data charging cable for samsung sph m330&#34; is good and strong. my issue is that it is to stiff or rigid.
no complaints on the product,good heavy duty cordand a lot longer than the one that came with my phone !!. took awhile to get though, came from the factory in china.
this cord is too short although it does serve its purpose, gonna have to buy another cord & charger for daughter
the seemed okay at first but they shorted out easily. we are hard on these things in my household, many people using them and moving them around and using devices while charging, but even so these did not hold up well.
fits pretty loose in my gn.  it's ok, but you have to make sure the cable doesn't fall out.  most of my usb cables fit so nice that i could pick up the phone from the cable.  certainly not the case with this cable.
it makes my gs3 slow and it doesn't charge my phone as fast as it should. needs a lot more work
no where in the description did it list the length, but it's only 32&#34; compared to the factory 44&#34; that came with the phone.
cheap cable used to charge my phone. the end that plugs into the phone doesn't hold up as well as what i would like but it does its purpose. i am still using now!
good for backup at an affordable price. i had problem with my former cable while travelling. a cell phone booth in a large las vegas mall wants $22 for it. of course i did not buy it!
the light lights up as if its charging, but it doesn't, and you can't transfer data to your pc with the cord.
i thought this cable was going to be the same length asd the original cable that came with the phone but it is mich shorter.
make sure you get the right cord for your model phone. in this case i didn't pay attention and got the wrong cordso i had to buy another one. stupid me.
it works.  it is far shorter than i had hopes.  my guess is that is why they show you a partial image that doesn't give you the true picture of what they're selling.  your usual deception.
a little disappounted in the cable length and connector quality.  the overall quality looks good but it is very short 1m maybe.
the plug has started to fail, it does not stay in place all the time, yet it will still charge, it was definityle priced right.
works as well as original however it was shorter than i expected.the quality is good and the connects firmly.
its just the usb cable and it works. the cable is short, so buy longer one instead if you need. the cable seems to be original samsung cable with name on it.
it was not long enough and didn't it really charge my phone at times and its not durable. it is good if you just need a back up for a day
three of the four cables i ordered work. the length is good, about 58 inches. i would have rated them 4 or 5 stars if they all worked.  quality may be an issue.
it's ok for the price and length but it takes forever to charge my phone i'm use to a pretty quick charge and this is not it. it will get the job done but not in a timely manner.
way too short of a cable to do pretty much anything. don't understand why they can't make a 4' cable so you can at least use it while plugged in. product works fine, just not very user friendly.
i have purchased many chargers for my samsung phone on amazon and honestly the quality is just so so on them. maybe i'm just really hard on chargers but i feel like they should last more than a few months. spend the money and get a good quality one.
cord wasn't as long as i was hoping, but i was more or less aware of that from reading the other reviews.
i was lead to believe by the title and the picture that i was purchasing a samsung cable. what arrived may be fine, but it's not what was represented.
tried to use it to charge my samsung android phone but didnt seem to reach when laying it on the table had to lay it on floor not good in lenght part but does work for charge
the cord works with my samsung galaxy note 2 just fine for charging and data, although was much shorter than i expected.
i bought this for my galaxy fascinate, but the phone kept giving me an error that the cable wasn't supported. it does work with a kindle fire. i transferred a file to the kindle via cable.
i go through a lot of usb cables. they always break. these are short, this cable might be 2 feet, 2.5 at best. but the smaller plug fits my case. regular micro usb's damaged my charge port, because they  didn't  fit the case.
cords are very short but ok for price make sure you can stay close to plug when charging if you are still going to use it while charging
cable is good but too short. maybe good for laptop, but length is too short for other purposes.quality is average, but works fine.
it was ok for the price but the coord is very short. does not reach very far. wouldn't buy again.
this cable was at a good price and works very well. the only down fall the cord is shorter than i thought that it will be. other than that it works greaat.
i would have liked to know the length but it works , just would have liked to have it longer than it was because where i want to use it , it won't reach
buy 2 of this usd data charging cables. one of this cables works fine without any problems. another one does not charge the phone. but for the price it is not bad.
it connects the phone to the computer but that connection cuts in and out. example: you're transferring data from phone to computer then the process randomly cuts out interferring the data transfer. but it does work good as a charging cable only.
this usb data charging cable for my samsung phone was just not long enough. it was much to short. sorry
it fits, it charges my phone & everything but the cord is way too short. if you have to charge it, you'll have to live close the wall plug. it's not cool. i bought a charger & i got a charger. just hate the short cord.
works fine on my samsung cell phone, but the cable is kind of stiff and i doubt it will last as long as it should be.
this item is as described, except my only complaint is that it wasn't actually a samsung cable. i was disappointed. plus, it recently started glitching up (constantly stops charging and i have to wiggle the wire a bit to get it working again).
i have gone thru four or five of these little cables with my android. they work fine but come apart at the end that plugs into the cell.however, for the price vs. someplace like best buy.i would use again.but caveat emptor
it was packed in such a small envelope that when i cut off the top to open i cut one of the cords and had to throw it away.
bought this cable and worked perfectly fine for about 6 months. the usb cable burned and smoke was coming out. it melted the rubber. would recommend if they they fix this issue
this product appears to be the exact replacement for the samsung s3 cords, but i meant to order the shielded cords for the s4.  verified it's current, and it was correct.  gave as a present to my neighbor.
it took a while to get here, but it works fine.  i did notice a bit of "rust" on the metal connector that has me a bit concerned, but so far working great.
i never did anything to follow up on the order so ultimately it's my fault, but for such a small product i would think it'd be easy to just put 2 of them together. i will be sure to check my orders more carefully next time ordering something so simple.
if this cable is three feet long, then i am nine feet tall. works fine as a charging station cable, but too short to be useful elsewhere.
i have several (non samsung) data devices that i've attempted to use this with, with no success.  this cable only works as a power charging cable for me.  other micro usb cables work fine with all devices.  check out the amazonbasics usb cables.
the cord was deliver