i bought this charger five months ago, and while it initially worked well the micro usb connection rusted quickly and severely and has rendered the charger useless. some of the rust also got into my phone and caused charging issues elsewhere.
looks great but about 2 3 weeks in it broke. the micro usb connector broke very fast and i never even move the cable that much.
the charger works, but my definition of 'rapid' differs from motorola's. it's very slow to charge, and if i'm running an app like playing music or a navigation program while driving, i actually lose power slowly. i guess you get what you pay for.
worked for first 3 months now it has a very poor connection with my phone, will not charge if moved very slightly
maybe i made a mistakes in purchasing, but went along with being able to fit standard usn cable, however fits my lg phone but  did not charge phone
like another reviewer, i found after six months, i have to firmly hold the charger at just the right angle in order for it to connect and make the charge. otherwise, it just sits and does nothing. worthless.
my phone draws 600ma when using bt, gps & display. so that should leave 300ma. sadly battery monitor records less than 100ma routed to battery. i guess i should try a 2a charger.
this charger was good for about a month. then it became loose, and only would charge if you hold the cord a certain way. i believe it is made in china like everything else. now i'm looking for another.
bought this for a holiday present but it came in a plastic bag with a big made in china sticker.  no manual, instructions, might be a knock off as far as i know.  wouldn't get it again.
after being used half a dozen times over a period ofseveral months, this product failed to perform it'sintended function. i wouldn't venture to guess whyit failed but i certainly wouldn't buy another fromthis manufacturer.
fast charging, short lived. died 8 months after getting it. it's likely i was sold the knockoff version you see mentioned in some pics, but it did charge very fast.
i got this in november of 2011 and from then until the last week of september, the charger worked great.  then out of the blue it just stopped working and now doesn't work at all.
this charger was cool at first. after owning it for about a month the cord started acting up and now it only charges if bent a certain way.
after that it would only charge my phone at random times. i still have it but now i have to position it in certain ways to charge my phone which can get very annoying. i am about to toss this one and buy another one.
great charger! until it stopped working.only lasted about 5 months.i have been through 5 charters for the android phone. none of them last very long. it amazes me that consumers are continually getting ripped off by these manufacturers.
just threw out my second one. fool me once. well you know. i've since purchased &#34;samsung micro usb vehicle power adapter with 5 ft usb data cable&#34; and it has already lasted longer than both combined!
i love the length of the cord but sometimes it charges my phone and sometimes it doesn't so sometimes i like the charger and sometimes i hate it.
only lasted about 3 months and then developed a short in the cable and would no longer charge my phone.
only had the product 6 months   did not use frequently, has since stopped working. was happy with it up until that point.
i just recive another motorola power adapter that im sending back. i have a i phone 5 so thats wont work for me. im wating for my superior car charger
i purchased two of these the first one worked perfectly for about two weeks then stopped working.  i haven't tried the second one as of yet
it work great when it did. it only worked for a month then it would charge my phone anymore.  do not buy.
i have the same problem as others. worked great for a couple months the wire stopped transfering power. if you hold it a certain way it works, otherwise no go.
yes it looks nice, but its too big. won't fit in my 2012 bmw 3 series, nor in my motorcycle. the top sticks out too high, so using in the armrest (or under the chair in the bike) is impossible.
the cable separated from the part that plugs into the 12 volt outlet within about a month. it still works, but you can see that even the slightest tug will now finish it. just not happy with it.david greenbaum. clearwater, fl.
i bought this to replace a previous faulty car charger.  this one lasted a few months and died on me.  i replaced it with a generic rocketfish car charger which works great.
i purchased this product and it stopped working properly and was out of amazon warranty, but they was nice enough to connect me to motorola for a replacement, but i am still awaiting a replacement after almost a month.
is not for the iphone 5 this should be fixed in the search criteria.  i have no use for this and will not spend my money to send it back.  thought the brand was good and to my surprise does not fit my phone.
even though i have a motorola phone this charger did not fit my phone.  returned it with no problem and looked elsewhere.
didnt work and dose not charge my samsung 3gs so idk wht is up plz send me another one thats thanks
this is a very nice charger, but it does not fit my iphone 4 like it said it would. i am dissapointed.
this thing has worked with some of my android devices and then not with others. i'm not really sure what determins whether or not the phone will work with this. i would not reccommend.
not sure where the rapid rate comes from but this charger takes longer to charge the phone than the standard car charger purchased at verizon.
takes awhile, but the motorola micro usb plug doesn't used any springs, butit seems rather raised bumps to tighten the connection.eventually, these bumps get worn down. and you're left with a connectorthat will not press the pins of the connector to the pins on your phone.
charges slow. not as slow as the verizon micro but it is still bad, i would look for something else.
it stopped charging my galaxy s3 after a while. just heats up my phone and doesn't even charge it and it jiggles out out of my car charger holder.
worked about two weeks then stopped. it charges periodically now. i use another charger and phone has no issues charging.i did like it when it worked.
sent back   thank you for credit. this did not charge my lg phone rapidly in any way. also was a little loose in the socket, which is never good. the last time i had a loose charger it blew my charger fuse.
not sure whether i got a lemon or if its just incompatible with this particular phone. i used this same brand of charger with the mini usb connector for my previous phone and it worked problem free for 3+ years.
it already broken after 4 months.  works great at first. cool blue light logo. would not recommend  to someone else.
great price, but u get what you pay fordid not stand the test of time, failed in less than 8 months, under daily use.clearly made in that country that turns out garbage non stopwould not buy again
you get what you pay for. it doesn't last very long. i've got through a few of these and they don't last forever.
i purchased 3 motorola car chargers (one for each vehicle we have) and only 1 of the 3 actually worked.
i ordered multiples of this charger for various vehicles, after about a month of use not a single one is still operating properly!
worked for a week then crapped out on me! i would not recommend this product to anyone.that is all. ken
i've had 2 of these, they work for a few months, then they gradually stop working. plus, the blue light is kind of cool at first, but when you're driving at night, it's too bright and distracting.
within a year of normal use, the little tension pins that stick out in the usb plug wore out.  the charger will no longer charge my phone.  a little too cheap for my taste.
i was excited to get this charger, especially for the price. it worked great for a few months, and looked like a motorola product. it no longer charges my phone.
i've had this charger for a few months and already it isn't working. it doesn't make a solid connection anymore when it's plugged into my samsung galaxy 3
it worked great just a few months, then it stopped working reliably.  the connection to the phone seems to wear out and won't charge the phone even though it is plugged in.
unfortunately  although both items looked exactly alike with same id number purchased item was slightly  largerhowever a family friend was able to make adjustment by changing end plug with proper size. my device is over5 years old , could that account for it.
when product first arrived it worked well.that lasted about a week.now the only way this product charges my phone is if my phone is lying on the seat next to me in a "just right" position.totally unacceptable. i guess you get what you pay for.
i really have no problem with this, except the design of the cord is such that it tangles in the gentlest of breezes. that drives me crazy. it's the 21st century. cords that resist tangling are everywhere, so why is this cord so bad?
charger lasted less than 3 months.  next time, i'll order one with higher rating.  you get what you pay for.
i ordered this charger back in march. it worked decently for a while, but a few days ago it completely failed. it won't charge my phone anymore. i guess i got what i paid for. not recommended.
as a plug in phone charger works as needed, but the lighted symbol ring at the plug can be distracting.
it worked fine at first, and i enjoyed the glowing clear logo disk, but the micro usb connector end broke after a few  months. oh well!
non amazon sellers are shipping the oem version spn5400a.motorola branded with charging specs of 4.75 5.25v and 0   950madroid needs 850 ma to charge, so this should work.
this didn't last very long and it took forever to charge my phone! very disappointed! my husband had to wiggle his around in the port for it to charge his phone
this charger lasted me about 5 months before it crapped out on me. until then, it worked fine on my samsung galaxy 4. if i was using waze, it would keep my battery even and not charge it any more, so the power wasn't that great.
the price is good, but unfortunately it does not fit the holder (taotronics tt sh02). then it is difficult to use it during driving.
constantly have to replace this. the curled cord is actually kind of annoying because it creates resistance if you move your phone around anywhere within your car and contributes to a loose mini usb port.
it worked great and appeared to be a genuine motorola charger, but it broke within a couple months. the cord isn't very long either, although it does stretch. i won't be buying another.
these work great,  when they work. mine never went bad,  but i left it plugged in all the time. my girlfriend however had gone through 2 in 6 months. she unplugs hers daily.  they do not withstand much movement.
the large size negates any pleasure or information i gain from the blue light.it sticks out so far from the power outlet (used to be called a cigarette lighter) that it prevents me from using my cup holder!
the plug on this particular charger is very flimsy. it will break if you bend it or plug in the phone and pull on the phone too hard. i bought two, one still works.
i got this product in may for my one x. it worked great until about 2 weeks ago, at which point it all but stopped charging. the wire has to be held at just the right angle (obviously not possible while driving) or no connection is made. very disappointed.
it looks nice, but barely charges in the car! rapid rate must mean over several hours because that's how long it would take to get more then 5% over a 45 min drive.very disappointed but i suppose you get what you pay for :(
stopped charging a week after i bought it. the charger looked nice but did not last as long as i would have liked.
when using with my phone after a while the mini usb was no longer a snug fit into the phone and would not charge.  not sure why.  i had the same issue with two chargers being used with htc one s phones.
crappy charger the micro usb stopped fitting in my device nicely and had to maneuver it just right in order for it to work and then would stop working. thought i was getting a decent product since it is motorola but i was wrong
there was nothing "rapid" about this charger when it worked. maybe because it's also powering a harsh, unnecessarily bright blue led light whenever it's plugged in. anyway, after six months of very light use, it stopped powering anything.two stars instead of one because i didn't lose too much money.
i've had it for about three weeks now and it still works but it is not the genuine product. it doesn't have the genuine motorola logo where it should be.
charger stopped working 3 months after buying :( had originally rated 5 stars, dropped to 2 because it worked for a bit. not worth paying shipping to return.
after a short time, literally expected this thing to last, it didn't. i would buy again though if the price is right, if i can buy 20 to replace them, and still pay less. hey why not.
worked for about 3 4 months and now only works if i hold my phone a certain way, i am unsure that i received the use out of it worth the money i paid.
i bought this for my son but it turned out to be for a newer model cell phone.  real bummer  it was cool/sleek/ and would have been great for him on the go charging. oh well!
i went through 3 of these for my wife's car and mine in less than 2 years. all three quit working after about a year. finally replaced them with something different. when it works, it's fine, but expect to have to replace it every year.
bought two of these in march 2013.  first one died within 3 weeks.  second one died this morning.  the price was right.  the build quality was not.  stay away.
used this about a year, and shorted out,,, sadly. i'm not sure if there is a different charger that would last longer or not.
this is not the right charger. i looked at hubbie's phone and looked for a charger for that phone and i ended up with the wrong one
sorry even if this is a legit product it won't charge a xoom. make sure you check manual or surf the xoom sites for compatible chargers.
had to buy a new one within a couple weeks of using this. it possibly could have broke because of personal reasons. but also could just be a defect in the product.
ordered charger based on 950ma specs, but came with 750ma on the unit.  it seems to charge slower than the unit i already own that's rated at 650ma.  not sure why this happened, but it's wrong.  unit works, but just not as promised.
i bought two, both genuine motorola, both broke after 6 months. they weren't very fast charging either. now you have to bend the cord at an angle for it to even charge.
i bought three of these   one for parents and myself. all three of them quit working within a couple months  light doesn't show up or anything.
this charger looks nice and appears to be decently constructed, but it is quite large.  unfortunately, it didn't work for my lg vu plus.  without a list of supported devices, it's a gamble whether your device will work with this charger.
it only worked for a litle while, i think my phone needed more power :(  better for lower powered phones
this has been described as being able to charge the hp touchpad, but when plugged in, specifically tells me that this charger does not have enough output to charge properly.
charged real well, for 4 months.  then it stopped.  it now only charges if you hold the cord in a certain direction.  which means in a few weeks it wont charge at all.  why cant someone make a charger that is decent?!
lasted 11 months and then failed owing to a break somewhere within the cable. never subjected to stressful use. failure unwarranted and therefore disappointing.
bought three of these, failure rate is 30 percent.
this product was great while it lasted and had a nice design. unfortunately, i didn't get much use out of it. it broke after a few dozen uses. it still charges my phone but slowly and has to be plugged in at just the right angle.
cable arrived from china, it took forever to get, and when it finally came in, the darn thing is backwards( the part that plugs in phone is backwards)
clearly cheap, but i didn't expect anything else.charges my ipod great in my car. doesn't work so well when it comes to connecting to the computer though.
i bought 2 cables.  one worked one didn't.  it looks like the real apple cable but one didn't work like the real apple cable.
i'd love to review this item, but i haven't received it yet:(this is the second request i got for a review, so thought i'd respond.
ordered two cables, one was doa. the other works fine so far. i'd be more upset if they weren't so cheap.
overall a cool product and a good value, but not even a month old and the little push button that is on either side of plug is broken and i have to use a object to push on it to get it unplugged .
so far two of the cables have stopped working, but for the price the 3 remaining cables are cheap enough, but i worry that more with stop working.
the cable was as described. although it was not well put together. the product ended up breaking on me after a few uses. not recommended unless you like using lots of electrical tape to keep the cables together.
the cable works fine however looks used, it has scratches on both ends. it was cheap and since is works it is not worth returning.
the product was as decsribed but it took over a month to get here.i wanted this as a chrismas present and it didn't get here until after christmas on the 27th of december, ordered it november 25th.
these are great for about 2 months, then both that i have purchased stopped charging in my car. one will still work if used with my wall charger but only if positioned just so. the cord starts pulling out of the base.they just aren't well made.but, they are cheap!
these cables do work fine syncing and charging. however, if you need cable with dimensions that are identical genuine apple cables then you should look elsewhere. i use the apple bumper on my iphone 4 and these cables will not fit with it on.
this cable breaks very quickly. what i mean is that the white cover on the iphone connection side comes off, exposing the wires. however, if you push it back together, it will still charge. just have to be careful with how you take it off.it's worth a dollar.
took almost a month to get it.  absolutely nothing happens when plugging it in.  after filing a claim, my money was refunded within hours.  so we'll go with an f for the product, but an a for customer service.
used it on an ipod touch 3rd gen.  charging was extremely slow.  wasn't worth it, for the quality.later bought another one from ebay and it was well worth it.
well the cable took over a month to get here and it worked the couple of times i charged my ipad and now it doesn't work at all just stay away from these made in china and just get the original
when you spend under a dollar you should know what to expect. they worked pretty well but one has already died a month or so later.
worked for 8 months flawlessly.  once i upgraded the ios, it is no longer a supported item, no good.  every once in a while, i plug it in to check my luck, no dice.
at first it worked and then like in one month it just stopped working all of a sudden. i just wasted my money on it.
doesn't last long at all. shortly after i got this cord, it went out. i would say find a quality cord or stick with apple.
hi!i i haven't received my order? but i have in the 12 08 2011 paid for it. can you help me to check whether have sent the next. thank you
i don't recommend this item ,  its says apple compatible (when i plug the usb to my laptop to charge the phone it says. item not supported)
i just compared this to an oem cable i got with my iphone, and there is no way these cables are oem.
it is very difficult to insert into my iphone, and it is very slow to charge my iphone to the full power.
it lasted 1 month after i started using it as my to go cable in the car.  i think this cable looks like the real thing but it's not.
it's made of a cheap thin plastic you would expect to find on those plastic $3 refillable waterbottles at walmart. you get what you paid for though. and it works. but i dont expect it to for very long
it worked the first night i used it and then when i used it to connect my ipod to my car the following day, it doesn't work anymore. i tried to use it as a charger for my phone and it still doesn't work.
this cable last for about 6 months before it failed. it was worth the price i paid so i lived with it.
this work as well as you'd expect for a cheap cable. i order these for my kids and toss them when they break. my kids break these at a rate slightly higher than the oem cables.
worked fine at first, you can easily tell it's an amazon cable. after a while it completely stopped working which you would expect. overall even for $1 it's not worth it
worked okay for a few months.  of course it took that long to get to me.  for the price its hard to complain but i'll probably spend a little more next time for one that works for a long time.
i was dissapointed in this product took a while to come and didnt even fit my iphone 2 cable. i gave it to my neice who wons a ipod touch 2g it fitted and worked so it was a win win for me.
i purchased 4 pcs, none of the 4 sync at all.using them with usb car charger, all are working fine.price is good.
breaks easily but its cheap so i can't say too much about it.  i keep buying the cheap ones anyway.
great price, however it broke after a few months of use. for the price, it was probably worth it, as the apple brand tends to fray.
charges the ipod alright but when using the cable to connect the ipod to my car it causes the speakers to crackle when a higher quality cable doesn't.
took forever to ship and barely lasted a month. its probably better to pay $30 and buy the stupid cable from apple.com
this charger did not even last me 3 months and it is already damaged.it is not the real apple brand its cheap knockoff wannabe ripoff dont waste your money at alllll!!!
ordered 3 cables. only 2 out of 3 cables worked connecting my pc via usb port. same result connecting via wall adapter.
it dosnt always work and it just the usb. u have to hold it or tape it for it to work
how do you distinguish between the both??? i compared it with the original   it's different though.it has a long ending the original one.it's cheap though.
it's ok. it charges when not using divice but if your on your phone while charging it your battery still goes down
the charger stopped working within a month.i expected it to have a better longevity.u know how horrible is life without charger
in order for it to work you need to unplug it then plug it back in every time you charge. you can't leave the cord in the socket.
i purchased this item through b&h warehouse (fulfilled by amazon).  the cable works with an iphone or ipad charger, but won't work for charging or sync with a usb port.
looks fine but really doens't fit like it should.  if you force it, it works but really not a good product.
should have read previous customer reviews. other cables we've purchased in the past have lasted over a year. going to buy the real mccoy.
these would be much better if the shrink tubing was a 1/4 inch longer. guess you get what you pay for.
i bought 2 of these usb charging cables but it doesn't fully charge my device. my device would be plugged in all day and would never reach 100% charge. i am very disappointed. you really do get what you pay for.
i was not impressed.  one of these would charge the ipod touch, the other did not. i will not buy again.
the phone cable end of every cable i bought broke in less than 3 days. i handled them carefully but they worked just for a couple weeks.
i give 2 stars because these cords didn't work on my 3gs. now, they worked on my wifes iphone 5, just not mine for some reason.can't figure that one out!
very frustrated iphone cables are just not good quality rather you buy iphone brand or generic. i thought they would be great but both that i ordered stopped working with in having them for less than a month.
it is what i wanted it to  be but after a few weeks .it lost its ummp.i have to plug it up and move it around so it will charge .its like it has a loose cord or something in it.guess you pay for what you get
it work for a while then stop working, you get what you pay for.
this are for  iphone 4 but they are not apple certified , so sometimes appears a alert screen but it works satifactory.
after waiting for over a month to receive the iphone charger, it broke within 3 weeks. i could not figure out why, but i guess i got my money's worth.
peopl that's sell this don't know there product is a piece of junk so don't get it unless you are deseret like i was just a tem fix
i purchased these, and the after the first or second time i bumped the jack, it split open exposing the wires. cheap, and worth the price, perhaps, but not built to last.
i recieved the cord torn. it was awful. doesn't hardly work and i plug it into my iphone 4, and it said &#34;this is not for this device&#34; or something similar to this saying.
unfortunately, you get what you pay for with this cable. it is cheaply made and sometimes is not recognized by my iphone 3gs and iphone 4.
cheap chargers mean destroying your battery by leaving in charge forever. but, thats not why i rated this charger 2 stars. i gave it 2 stars because it broke and i bought 3 of them. all within a week they were all gone.
bought two first one broke after using 3the times. second one stopped charging and had wires exposed in less than a month
cheap generic cable. worked as it should for exactly 2.5 months and then stopped working. i started getting the dreaded accessory error. i know i cannot expect this to match apple oem, but 2.5 months life is too little. a ten dollar apple cable works for atleast two years.
the cable looks identical to the apple factory cable. the cables worked fine for several weeks until the plug housings came apart allowing the wires to pull loose from the plug.
i purchased this cord from cellular 5 star inc. the cord worked great for about 2 months before it stopped working and my iphone and computer would not recognize the cable.
these cables did not do the trick for me. they lasted a week or so, and immediately started to fall apart botha t the base o the wire, and at the metal part. the wire also started to rupture after a few weeks.
its dosnt pay to by it it will take you 5 hour to fill up your iphone i don't like it
i bought a bunch of these so that i could have cables at work, car, and upstairs/downstairs.  they lasted a few months and then the connections began falling apart.
the metal part of the iphone part always pops out and one ripped its cords and is now useless. i am happy to have them around in a pinch (they are stored around my life), but not for replacing a broken or lost original cable.
will not stay pluged in to phone had to buy new setto cheap to cheap do not buy no
i don't think it is worth buying and paying s&h just to have it quit working in about 2 months!
the plug in works just fine but i have to take my case off to charge i have the otterbox that i purchased along with this the one from at&t plugs in just fine with my case
after about 4 month of usage, it is broken today. i'd expect a simple usb cable shouldn't last that short time
i wanted this to use in my car for my usb charger. it worked fine for a few weeks then the whole top came apart.might have got a dud cable, but next time i would pay a little more to get a tougher one.
the product is not durable or long lasting. the chord just stopped working one day for no apparent reason, wasn't damaged or anything.
one worked, one didn't so this is a literal 50/50 proposition.  not what i was hoping for.  hopefully others will have better results.
bought 3 of these, 2 bad brand new. do these things even get tested? i suppose for the price i'm glad i even got one that worked. but i suppose it depends for how long. buyer beware of shoddy merchandise.
these have been hit or miss. some cables work fine but others (from the same package) don't charge my devices.
it is very hard to plug it in to i phone. i am worried that it may leave permanent damage. it is very cheap but i do not believe that it's worth buying.
when i received this item, it was broken. the cord was ripped and i was not able to use it. very upset, obviously they don't handle there stuff very well. do not buy!!!
i have been disappointed in this product.  i often get errors on my apple devices when using it and have to unplug it and replug it back in to the device to get it to work.  not apple quality, but you get what you pay for.
don't expect more than what you paid for. the charger took forever to get here and it broke within the next two days of me using it.might as well buy a real one.
works perfectly as a charger but loses its charging capability sometimes. thought that this was caused my my usb poprt until i tried another cable, which charged my phone perfectly. i soon discovered that i had to wiggle it or reconnect it a couple of times until it does charge.
uhmm i thought this one would charge really fast but it barely even charges . . pfft nsnd kejd wjdh jedhen
this phone charger is not of the same quality as apple charger  it takes much longer to charge my phone than my other apple products  was not worth the wait it took to get here
again, maybe it was just my phone    it just did not hold nor charge good    i would say try another product    i even gave this to my friend and they had the same issue
if anything, just buy a cord from the apple store. you may as well. even if you do have to shell out more money, you're much better off.
both my kids and i had a hard time getting them to connect to the ipods.  felt like we were &#34;shoving&#34; them in to get them connected.  then once actually connected, then they would intermittently charge off and on.
within weeks of purchase, some of these cables began to fail. wires too stiff to last long. on the other hand: cheap!
came as promised but i used it once and the end that plugs into the phone fell off. so very poor quality
works on and off most of the time. i figured it was too cheap to waste my time sending back for my money back.
purchased from chris rothert. charges fine when plugged into outlet or computer. however, neither itunes nor windows 7 recognizes the iphone, while my friend's cable works fine.
one of the three cables i ordered failed within a day or two. the others are still working, but i don't feel i can count on them.
don't recommend it doesn't charge. i bought them cause they were cheap and i got what i paid for! not good
quit out on me after a week, cables inside started showing since the rubber covering peeled back. cheap things don't last.
it is so cheap cable, i like! but when i got the cable, i am not happy so much, the cable not be good quality. consider the price, it is not bad business i think!
took forever to get here and chord takes a really long time to charge my phone. plugged my phone it at 12 at night and it had 60% and only got to 97% at 10 in the morning.
i bought 2 of these (at this price, why not?) to replace the failing one for my wife's iphone. it took over 2 weeks to be delivered. one has already broken. you get what you pay for.
i purchased 10 of these cables and i have thrown them all away. i can never get these cables to work longer then a month. the only thing good i have to say is, i received them in the mail very quickly!
the cord was not what i thought it was, and it goes in and out of a charge. as soon as it starts to charge, i can come back to my phone and it's back to square one. the battery actually went down than charged.
if original from apple store, this wire charge will take 2 hours, but i bought this wirefrom hong kong it will take 8 hours!!! you get what you paid for.
cable seems to have a short or connection seems to be lost during charging. have to wiggle cord and lay gently to obtain proper charging.
while they work most of the time, every so often we get messages on the phones after a few minutes that charging is not supported.  would not buy again.
you get what you pay for. they are not easy to plug in. but it's soo cheap, that it may be woth it to get a defective cable. just hope that it does not break your phone plug.
they are cheaply made i was not happy but with all my iphone buddies it was the choice to give them instead of my good apple cord
bought 3.  1 quit working right away.  other two still charge.  none of them work to connect to computer for synching with itunes.
most of the cords that are for use with the iphone 4 also work on 1 st gen ipads.  this does not.
first time i took it out of my ipad, it came apart, but to it's credit, it went back together and works better with my iphone. probably should have stuck to a more reputable company. took a long time to arrive.
the charging cable takes too long to charge my ipad sometimes when i plug it in at night the next morning its not even 100% charged.
i bought several of these at one time.  well the didn't last no time at all.  i learned not to buy cheap chargers because you get what you pay for
this cable was shipped from china, not american made. it was used several times. after the few uses, two parts separated when i tried to disconnect it from my ipod. i was able to connect it together, but was disappointed with the quality.
piece of junk  i would just rather have went to the apple store and brought one. learned my lesson never again.
this took so long to get to me i forgot i had ordered it or what i needed it for. i gave it to my girlfreind who has an iphone.
for 95 cents, i'm not really sure what i expected, but it wasn't this.  it worked great for about 2 months, but then while trying to pull it out of my iphone, the casing broke open and two of the wires became disconnected.
horrible for charging phones and ipod and it will not work on my radio. it says its not compatible with my device.
i bought 5 of these and all 5 will not charge my iphone 4.  they will charge my 3g, but that's not why i bought them.i have contacted the seller, we'll see what they say.
when it works is good, but sometimes it seems like it has a bad connection and does not work.  for the price, i guess is ok.
got this from hon kong and it didnt work told my that it wasent made for my i phone dont order
bought from seller1on1: it worked for two months, i just used it for charging my iphone and then today it stop recognizing the cable. the construction was very flimsy, and haphazard and i could see the wires going into the connector. going to look for a different one now.
takes forever to charge. must not use the ipad while charging because the rate of using battery &#62; the rate of charging. two stars because it's not defective   just takes really really long time to charge
the cable didn't look flimsy when delivered. . so  i hoped it would work for a while. but within 1 month of purchase it just stopped working! :(
lasted a month and a half.  however, a genuine apple cable costs 30 dollars and both the ones we have only lasted a year before that stopped working properly, do this is a better deal in my opinion.  just buy a bunch of spares.
i bought 5. three didn't work right out of the package. i kinda expected that based off of reviews, that's why i bought 5 in the first place.
the metal end came apart from the plastic piece with the design on it.  alsto, did not work for my i pad to charge.
does not come with the box and for some reason i havent been able to get it to work to connect our iphones to the computer. but it charges every night and thats all we need for now.
of the 5 cables i ordered, 3 of them did not work at all. i threw them in the garbage. the other 2 get jammed in the phones when trying to remove. guess that's what they say  you get what you pay for.
did the job for about a week and then broke. i should have just invested in buying one from apple. would not buy again.
the cable worked for a week (using wall electric outlet )and then stopped charging my iphone.  still works with a car charger though.
delivery was fast on this item, it good for a while but you start getting trouble to charge your phone, start saying this accessory don't support charging.
not looking to seeing it last long ! already on its second use it has issues charging my phone   not happy   but i guess you get what you paid for .
hmm. this product didn't work well at all. should of known to get the really brand instead. live and learn
i bought a few of this product recently for the low price. one of them broke on the first use on my iphone from the plug detaches from the cable casing on one end.  close to 50% failure rate for one trial. oh well.
i bought both this and the wall charger adapter and neither of them work properly. this charger is hard to use and doesn't fit well into the ipad.
this cord did not last long at all.  after about a month of usage, the cord became detached and was not able to charge the phone or ipod.
i bought this for a backup incase my original charger broke. this is this broken one.knock off product, buyer be ware!!!!
purchased 4 of these and each began to fail within a week of usage, the culprit being poorly soldered contacts.  would not recommend
takes a hard push to plug into the phone
poor quality very hard to plug in ipodword men ship is very poor was able to use but someone younger will not make it
the price was great but the fit was not as expected.  the force it takes to put this cord on could damage the cord and the phone.  it will charge the phone but difficult to use.
charging is too slow and takes more than 3 times longer to get my iphone charged.i should not have bought this one.
inexpensive, yes.  but, within 2 days the wires were exposed at both ends.  it still works, but definitely not made well.
works fine, has no problems, looks like the original one, i dont know how long it will work but i know it is good now
i have the iphone 4 and i had purchased this to (obviously) charge my iphone. within three days of use the connection was frayed and has deemed this product worthless.
you think it's a great deal because they are so cheap, but spend a little more and save yourself the headache. i got two and they both stopped working in the span of less than six months.
i bought two of these and they broke so easily. it still works though i just have to force the charger in.
its work good but sometime couldnt work so , i got trouble 3 , 4 time ,,,so i sorry but ,,,
so i order this for my i touch it charged it just fine and really fast too . but i went to put music on my i pod and it did not sync it with my lap top i cant see why not .
very tight fit from connector to device. wire is coming apart from connector piece after only 3 uses. not at all apple quality.
dont waste a single dollar on this product, the ipod connector came apart when i tried to remove it from my ipod. now it is completely useless. not worth the value at all. dont buy this.
i plugged it in. it work about twice and than nothing, it didn't work for charge. it doesn't work for computer access.
it arrive on time, but it takes for ever to charge my ipad, i still use to charge my ipad at night when im in bed, if you are in a hurry, i' recomended to use the short usb charge cable.
i ordered 5 cords. so far i have gone through 3 because after a few days they no longer work for charging my iphone 4. so on to number 4.
these are so cheap, the fact that they don't last isn't so bad.  the end that connects to the iphone isnt built to last, and after a few times they get loose and no longer work.  but again, they are cheap.
this item was a problem when i first received it.  it did not charge well when connected and keep making a pinging noise.
item's wire was showing thru the installation and not a good product in my opinion.would not buy same again, would look elsewhere.
it suddenly stopped charging for around 6 weeks. it was just in the house and it stopped working. no complains because it was only for 99 cents. it was not original manufacturers but something that is compatible for iphone.
i updated to apple 7 and this quit working and was no longer recognized by my phone . it did work up until the update =(
this cord is hard to plug into your phone and feels like its going to break when you plug it in. it looks just like the cord you get from apple, but it's cheap. it will charge your ipod or phone though, so it does work at least.
i bought 2 chargers for my i phone 4s and after 6 months, one died.so be aware that u get what u pay for!
the price was right, product arrived on time, but this cable did not even last a week!  the usb end fell apart, which is weird, usually the other end is the one that does not last.
it was broken after a few days, you got what you paid, will buy real charging cable from apple next time
this isn't an official apple cord. after only a handful of uses, it stopped charging as well as connecting to my pc.
while these items (i ordered 2) arrived quickly, they did not last very long. both broke at the usb side. the cover popped off and the wire just completely separated! not worth it at all!
it was great for that week & half that it work,it's verry disappointed that it only work for a week & half
poor quality, broke on the second day of use. do not recommmend to anyone. charged my ipad but took longer than other chargers.
this type of low price charger never work with apple phone. i got this for iphone 3gs and also got one for ipohone 5 the device does not support such cheap material and did not charge the device at all.
*****do not buy*******this didn't even fit in my phone case, so now every time i want to charge my phone, i need to take it out of the case. never again
i loved it and it worked perfectly, but only for about a month. one day it just quit working. period. no power, data, anything, and i didn't use it any differently.
this product takes to long to ship , but works great! but it broke after about two weeks of use!!!
this cable stop working very fast, after two weeks of purchase it completely stop from charging the phone or sync
the cord is for an iphone, i needed the cord for the i pod shuffle so  i have a cord i cant use.
the wire broke at the base of the plug   1st day of use!!  i would not recommend buying this item.
the price with this is amazing. the only problem was it broke about a week after my first use of the product. i guess you shouldn't expect much from a product at this price.
it would always give me an error message evreytime i tried charging my iphone! very cheap, but a waste of time.
since these cables were so cheap, we bought five of them 6 months ago to charge our various iphones and ipads.  now, most of them have stopped working.  we get a "charging device not supported" error. next time, we'll just spend the extra money to get quality cables.
this is a poor fitting knock off usb cable that does work, but is obviously not well constructed. spend the money and get the real deal.
didn't last long at all!!!
not very happy, i have ordered in the past, some work and most of these did not . i will not be buying products from china again
the charger continues to not charge. it says this devise doesn't support error and stops charging  and for a phone that's not a great thing
bought 4 of them 7 months ago.  only last about 2 months before they will stop charging my iphone 3gs.  they look perfectly fine; no wear or tear or wires showing.  on the last one now and this time i am going to purcahse a real one.
it was super cheap and the seller was great, but the product doesn't fitinto my iphone 4s easily, i was afraid to push in for possible damage.even for this price i don't think i would buy this again.
it does charge, but about 1/3 the rate of my other chargers. not a bad buy for the money but it should not be used as a primary charger/only charger.
the cable stopped working after 3 months.  it wasn't too expensive so not a huge loss, but i'll try a different brand next time.
the one i got didn't work with my ipod, only with my sister's, and only when it wanted to. but it was only $0.69, so i guess you get what you pay for.
after a few weeks it started acting up for some odd reason and i really don't know why! its frustrating too!
the cable has part of the coating off and bare wire is showing. afraid to use.
got one to replace the original one.  looks pretty good.  worked for a half year and died.  good price, poor quality.
this was a waste of money. it didn't even work on any of our ipads. we sent it back. do not waste your money purchasing this
this is not original apple cable and guess what   after 1 week of charging my iphone it stop working !!!never, never again !!! use only original apple store, don't kill your iphone.
did not hold up, stopped working after a few months of light use.
cable does work with ipad 2 but is a very slow charge, take twice as long to charge not good!
meh. it mostly does the job, but many days it takes a lot of wiggling and reinserting of both cable ends to work.  but you do get what you paid for. and it was considerably less expensive than the same model at target.
i had several cables in this pack that overheated , so back the cable was to hot to touch. i had it on charge for less than an hour.
we bought 5 of these because they are cheap and i read the reviews. well, suffice to say, only one out of the 5 worked, and it only works on our 2nd and 3rd gen ipods. none of them worked on our 4+ gens. avoid.
worked great for two weeks. before it broke. : / but the price was great!
they do not work for long time. it might work few months only then you need to buy other one. so would not recommend much but in cheaper rate you will get what you will pay.
why can't they make longer cords? the cord was perhaps 4 feet but thats all. not that useful. 2 mor
didn really charge my ipods and ripped easily. would not buy this product anymore. they didn't charge my i phone
please don't buy. it takes twice the time to charge.  i used it as aback up for my ipod i left it charging for 3 hours and it didn't even charge it half way
prompt delivery but very poor quality, i mean u get what u paid for which means u can' beat the price but cables are not compatible with most of my iphones meaning 3g n 3gs! got frustrated on charging them n had to stop using them!
didn't last very long. wires were starting to show at the neck of the charger. you get what you pay for! it was a quick fix. but you may need something a little more durable or buy multiples from this seller. price was hard to pass up!
it just stopped working after a couple days.  i give it two stars because it shipped really fast!  but really, buy it somewhere where you can return it easily if it stops working.
well i was pretty disappointed in this product. but what was i to expect from a 62 cent charging cord. it was a little shorter than the oem one.
i understand you get what you pay for but we got this cord in the mail and it didn't last a week before the wires were broke and were unable to use product.
it stop working after a week of being received , i expected more even though the price was lower the most.
hi this product is kinda the same when it comes to the looks of it but i get error message whie using it with my iphone sometimes.i wish that was not the case because the price and the shipping was great .
save your money! sure i only paid .99 cents, but they worked for about 2 weeks and they haven't worked since. constant &#34;unable to charge with this equipment&#34; messages. very frustrating.don't do it!
after a while of using this cord ive noticed that the charge on my phone does not last at all. it also damaged the port in my ipad and required some repair. spend a few extra dollars and get the approve product for a better experience.
bought it then it stopp working. didn't have it for long. kinda disappointed so just ought one from the apple store
i have been waiting for 2 months for this product. i would love to say that it great and i have no problems. but i cannot do thay
i bought three. one broke, one stopped working, and the other i didn't even bother opening. the one that stopped working was really weird, because it worked with my i4 for about 4 days, then it wasn't compatible anymore.
the cable worked perfectly for a few months, but then wouldn't work occasionally   until it finally stopped working at all. ended up purchasing a generic cable from monoprice; a little more expensive, but probably worth it in the long run.
i can sync my 1st generation ipad with this, but forget about charging; it just doesn't work. i would not buy this again.
while it worked on some, it didn't work on my primary computer which is what was most important. i don't know why it didn't work but it didn't read it and a cable that wont read is worthless.
these wont always charge. sometimes they connect, sometimes my iphone says accessory not supported for charging. they are dirt cheap, but if they do not work, they are still a rip off. shipping takes awhile because they come from korea. i would not recommend.
after a couple months of use my wife said the cable would only charger her phone if she didn't move it. the connector to the phone has to be just right for it to work now. i ordered two and it happened to both.
it worked, for about a day or two, then the shielding pulled away from each end(exposing the internal wiring) and it stopped working.
the cord i received did not fit the ipod i bought it for. at least it fit my iphone, so i was able to use my iphone cable for the ipod, and the new cable for my iphone.
i was surprised this item wasn't a better quality it seem very basic. i could have bought one from a local gas station and avoided the wait
like i said. it was broken less than a week since i got it. it's cheap so it has poor quality.
the charger worked great for the first week or so. now, everytime i plug it into my iphone, it's says "charging is not supported with this accessory." (or something like that!)
my iphone 3gs takes at least 3h to completely recharge when i use this cable compared to less than an hour when i use the original cable. cheap chinese crap.
because of the previous reviews, i bought two. sure enough, one cord didn't work and one did. not worth the time and hassle of returning, so i'm just out the money.
these are cheap, cheap cheap in all aspects. looks like the originals at first, but after a month or two the cable joints start coming off, exposing the inner wires at the junction of the wire and the plugs.
you get what you pay for i guess, but it is less than a week old and will go in and out of charging my phone.
i got this item, and it was exactly what i needed. i used it day 1 and after that it stopped working (had to borrow a co workers cord to charge). not sure what the issue is, but i'm gonna return it and get a replacement.
not as good as the original usb that you get with your phone. had to wiggle it to connect all the time.
received cable in a timely manner, but as i bought it for a replacement cable for my ipad i am not pleased. i receive a message &#34;not charging&#34; while plugged in.
after a few days in getting this product it messed up i was very disappointed especially with my long waiting time
when i plug it in it says the product is not capable with my i phone.  so it is basically no good to me, but not worth sending back.
the cable lasted only 4 days, it is incredible that is damaged, the quality is very bad. i really do not recommend.
it broke within 1 month it was not wat i expected it was much worse this is so poorly built no wonder it's cheap
i bought two of these and one pulled apart first try.  seems they lock into place and are hard to remove from my phone.
the product i received never worked well and only last a few months.  it always gave my phone charging errors.
message on phone screen is that charging is not supported with this accessory.  so it is usless for my needs.
can use it for overnight charging only. every time te phone even slightly moved it would stop charging and say the charging device was not acceptable for this device. very frustrating!!
i bought this cable for my new ipad3.  actually, i bought five cables because we own multiple apple devices.  the cable works for ipod and iphone, but it does not work on ipad3.
it last a couple months and then eventually shorts out (which isn't normal) but over all it served its purpose
it was a good price but when i opened my package, one end of it was bent, and not usable. i bent it back as close to its original shape as possible and i am hoping it works but i haven't tried it quite yet
the cord claims to be the right one for my iphone but when i plug it in then it says the cord is not compatible with my phone.
this product was ok but when i got it the cord got lose i guess and i was already able to see the wire. the cords where a little shaky but it was ok overall.
used it for iphone and it didn't work. had another wire that worked for it(not from here), and the one that worked was slightly bigger. this one was slightly smaller, maybe it was for any ipod except the iphone.
you get what you pay for. it works fine but the cable came loose from the plug. so that the wires inside the cord are exposed. it still works tho
not apple oem despite appearances.  after an upgrade to ios, this cable is no longer recognized and the iphone will no longer charge off of it.
work for a day then break horrible i would not reccomended this i purchased 10 all had the same problem
it is tight for i phone. u have to push hard and pull hard. i stopped using, may damage i phone pins. dont want to risk $599 to save $7
it's just a copycat of the real product. it works fine but not as durable as the original one, it breaks easier. it's what you get for what you paid for and it was only 80 cents.
i brought the phone charger for very cheap but didn't expect it to not work at all after very little use. i guess you do get what you paid for.
cannot use this cable to sync however an apple oem cable works fine.  itunes reports copies errors during the sync process.
it lasted for about a month, at the very most. it was very inexpensive for a reason! very disappointed in this purchase.
the product is as described but it broke the first day i used it. it was very inexpensive and i would recommend buying the real apple charger.
ordered these, have used one for about a week and the iphone end has already come apart.  at this price it is not worth the hassle of return or complaint.
it's really no surprise that this charging cable suddenly stopped working.  it was only a few bucks.  just be aware that if you do buy it, don't expect it to have the same durability as an original apple charging cable.
very cheap but poor quality. falls apart where the plug and wire connect within weeks. spend the extra couple of bucks and get a higher quality one.
these just do not last long.although it arrived on time once we used it it didnt take long to discover how bad it sucked.i would never order these again!
i bought these with no misconceptions. they were 39 cents each.don't stay connected very well, charges slower, data transfer may or may not work, and not consistent in playing music thru them.they were good to buy, to have as extras, which is what i wanted, needed.
would not be recognized be any devices
it will not fit in my iphone 4s unless i take the case off. ome has a rounded edge on the plug that fits into the phone. will not use!!!
from the two usb cables that i order only one work .so for that reason i rate it a two
hm. it doesn't fit my ipad3, no matter how i try to jam it in there.  but at less than a dollar price, i guess i get what i paid for.
this cord was great at first! then my iphone started saying that this cord is not accessible with my ipod for charging. doesnt work anymore. not worth buying
the first batch i bought of these fell apart and i didnt mean to buy 12 more but this batch seems to be working just fine.
it worked fine for a few weeks, but after a few week, it stopped working. it seemed like the wire inside got disconnect or broke off.
the piece of junk will not charge an iphone 4s or an ipad.worked the first time i used it then stopped working after that.
i purchased this as a spare to my ipad cord. this does not charge my ipad at all. it charges my ipod touch just fine, but that is not what i wanted. very disappointing :(
no, it is a hard fit. after working to attach it i had to twist it to get it to connect. this after waiting a long time for it to arrive. i will be sending it back.
although in the cords defence i go through  them pretty rapidly, bout one every month or so but this broke in 2 days. i was super dissapointed but i dont know what i expected.
i needed a cord that was a little longer than standard.  this one was listed as 45 inches.  it's more like 40, and hence useless for what i ordered it for.  at least it works
i have bought this charger for my iphone4s, it works just two days then its stops working, i have tried in different ways to get work done.it seems i have to buy another good one.
plug in to the device and it came apart. but it was charging so was afraid it would shock someone.
this took almost a month to get here. a bit rediculous for half of an iphone charger.  and there were no updates as iy when it was shipped or anything.
the charging cable isn't working, and i haven't had it very long.  i am actually having to use a friend's charger as we speak!
it worked okay for a little while then it wouldn't charge my iphone anymore. had to unplug and plug it back in for it to charge even the little bit.
this product was bought to charge a phone and worked for about three weeks and then stopped. i had to go buy another charger from walmart. i can't recommend it at all.
this worked for the first few months, then started falling apart. the only way it will charge now is if i physically hold the plug into the phone. it works in a pinch, but clearly not ideal.
doesn't work,  takes forever to charge and sometimes doesn't  i had to go back to my old cable  good thing it didn't cost much
the product charged iphones and only iphones. i have a ipad and it will not charged that. but that was what it said so:?
very difficult to insert and remove from ipods and iphones. worried that i am going to break the port.
all of the cables quit workign within a few days or never worked. i would not recomend this product to anyone else.
i bought these to replace my worn cables. i wasn't so happy when my ipad2 said "not charging" indicating that these are only for data.taos guy
out of the three i bought only one worked.  looks like the real deal but performance failed for me! invested in the proper equipment and all charging great.
it worked like a charm for the first day, and then it just died out completely. i would not recommend buying this cheap charger. ever.
the cables work i guess but they are poor quality and very slow data transfer. ok for emergency back up charger cable.
this cord works but for how long? no one knows! it is made just way to cheesey and in no way is it made by apple.
kind of a waste. other plugs have fit my phone just fine but this one was warped. would not re purchase
i bought the cable for my ipod touch (4th generation). the cable works when i plug it into the wall, but it does not work when i plug it into my computer, so i can't really use it to sync my ipod.
charger has a crack in it but still works rather then sending back to go threw long wait i just kept it.
it can only work if you plug it in with to a wall plug otherwise it won't work as usb or charger on a computer
pretty good but even for my iphone 4, it says doesn't support 'charging with this accessory'.just have to persist.
i bought this to have a extra charger downstairs of my house. it fit so tightly into the phone and when my husband went to pull it out of his phone it broke into pieces.
i ordered 3 cables and only received one.  i contacted the supplier but it still took over 3 weeks to get the 2 missing cords.
not the company but these things just don't last long  so what else do i need to say to get off this
the cord is extremely long, which is very nice. however the wire has already been exposed by the part that connects to the phone only after a few weeks. nice idea but definitely not the best quality.
i would not recommend this.  only about half of cords even work and the ones that do half of those have stopped working
my original cable works with the iphone bumper on, but this one does not work with the iphone bumper on.  it falls out and doesn't work just like every other after market cable i've purchased. it only fits when and works properly with the bumper removed.
my phone gets full battery in much longer hours than the original one. it does not work any more after almost 4 months. meh.
i didn't like this product because it would not fit my iphone 4s.  the package delivered on time and the seller was great to work with but the product did not meet my expectations.
it is very flimsy. it was hard to get into the charging port of my iphone and was also hard to get out of the charging port which ended up breaking the head off of the charger
i ordered 3 of these and 2 of them broke within a week. they came apart at the place where it plugs into your phone.
i bought this charger to keep in desk drawer at work and after a month or so of using it starting coming apart at the ends and doesn't work anymore.
so so product. does not work with my sons ipod, but works with my ipad. however charges slowly.  did not even charge fully overnight just 76%. cannot recommend it highly.
it says that its compatible with iphone 4 but it doesn't work good error message pops up sayin this device does not support charging!
the spring clips at the sides are tight. it takes extra effort to insert and remove the cable from the device. no electronics will be damaged, but the sides of the port may get worn after a while.don't buy if you want to use this cable for a long time
i know it's a cheap cable, but that's pretty bad, sorry. i would pay a couple of dollars more for a good one.
this cable was for my wife's 4s. she used it for about two months when ,suddenly, it stopped working. it didn't allow data to be syncing with the macbook nor to recharge the phone. i am happy that i didn't pay a lot for it.
it doesn't fit my iphone even thought it is very cheap. i will never buy this kind of product again.
i havent really used it yet, just an extra one, but they are easily broken off, and not long enough
works as a charging cable, but won't sync my ipod as advertised. still worth the dollar  something i paid for it.
they don't work for your ipod they brake fast and you struggle to put it in wouldn't recommend this product to you guys
the chord is very flimsy, brother pulled it out of his phone and it broke not happy with the product lasted a few months
the title of my review says it all.  low cost product, hence two stars instead of 1, but quit working after 2 weeks. i will order another and hopefully get one that works for much longer.
case was too bulky.  made the buttons on the phone hard to use. if you are really rough on a phone or drop it alot then this may be the case for you.
the phone doesn't hold very well in the belt clip. after a couple of weeks use the spring in the clip broke leaving the belt clip useless.
the case is great ! very tough. but the phone falls out of the holder just walking around. i would not recommend this model for the iphone. i think they have released a newer version with better holding power.
a good heavy duty design overall but i had to remove & replace the otter box screen protector with another brand clear screen protector. the otter box screen look like an oily film between the phone and the screen protector. very ugly.
the otterbox is bulky but shatter proof !!! the case doe not latch good to the clip. any soft touch to the phone and the case will come out and fall to the ground. !!! used it for a month then i gave up on it.
the case itself is fine and protects the phone.  the belt clip would remain in an open position when expanding the clip to attach or remove from the belt.  after several cycles, the clip broke.
the case was wonderful, the holder for the case to carry on belt is awful. i had to place plastic around mine so the phone wpuld not fall out.
i give this a two because it doesn't look good on the phone but it has great protection for the phone
this is my second otterbox.  the first one the outer case with belt clip broke in about a year.  this one didn't last 2 weeks.
the otter box does a decent job of keeping dust out, but moisture gets in easily. it also falls out of the clip quite often.
the case is very good,but they should tell you that the car charger that you buy with the iphone does not fit it. when i called them they told me i would have to buy a different car charger or to return it.
the case is nice but the clip is worthless , the phone falls right out of it. if you do plan on using the belt clip you will need all the protection this case has to offer.
the case itself is excellent   5 stars for that.  the included belt clip/holder is worse than useless   negative 5 stars for that.
i found the belt clip holster to be poor design. under the slightest pressure the phone will pop out of the holster. for example i took off my coat and the phone was knocked out.
the case worked as expected but the belt clip would not hold the phone tightly enough to prevent the phone from coming out at te slightest touch. i want the phone to be protected from being dropped but i didn't want to have to test it.
case would receive a 5 if the belt clip had more hold on the phone.  the phone is constantly becoming disengaged, and happened to fall into a well today.  surprisingly though, the case kept the phone somewhat dry and it was not ruined.  clip is worthless
this otter box case seemed like a great solution for wearing an iphone. however, we have now purchased two of them and both of the belt clips have broken.
well unfortunately i got the case about a month ago and the first week i had it the top plastic clip that holds the case together broke and two weeks after the belt holster broke on me. amazingly tho it still stays together somehow!
its not the problem with the vender. but the waythe case looks on my i phone is like a penny in a big lockerits so huge. i dint like it at all.
the rubber part of the case was way to big for the phone. had to get one i had for an old case and use it.
first i would like to say is that its a good case for not damaging your phone if you happen to drops it. the cost was to much, and the protection sheet on front smears against the phone display, i would just remove the plastic sheet then it would beok.
this bluetooth headset functioned well enough, but i found it very uncomforable and bulky. too much of a pain to use!
i brought the plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headset.initially it performed well.now it not satisfactory.it suddenly disconnects itself from the phone and then again connects.there are lot of disturbances while using it.i would not recommend this product to anybody else. problem resolved after i approached plantronics
i had high hopes for this headset after reading the reviews.several people complained that my voice would cut in and out while we were talking and i found that i had to keep repeating myself.  i sent the headset back for a refund.
this head piece was too bulky for my liking. however, the sound quality was outstanding!
the plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headset would have been a great item, if the inner connection to plug your phone had not slid up into the inside of the phone which made it impossible to use.
i really wanted a new bluetooth which would deliver excellent sound and this does. the thick earpiece hook is awkward and uncomfortable to the point where i just never use it.
it states this headset is iphone compatible, it is not with the 3g iphone.  even within 1 foot of the phone the reception is bad.  i've only had this one a few months and ready to trash it.
works great for a day or two and then just stops. then have to reset the whole thing with the phone. then after a day or two it stops working. very frustrating and unacceptable.
bought nov 2012  does not turn on after being charged 1 would expect the headset to last at least 3 years
was the best bluetooth i had ever used until it quit working after about 4 weeks. waiting for a replacement. hope that one lasts.
did not fit well with my smaller ears. while the sound quality was ok, it fell off my ear continuously.
with iphone i can use it just for calls. with nokia n95 it work completely. i tried to listen to music but no way.
the headset pairs fine and is comfortable enough, but isn't loud enough to hear well outdoors even at top volume.
it didnt make good on its promise. quality of sound is ok. no wind blocking at all and i hear an echo when making calls. i know they want to sell products, however, there is a fine line between "marketing" and lying.
its a good quality bluetooth, but somehow i cant take the way it goes in the ear, its not comfortable at all.another issue i had with it was the volume, it was very low.
unfortunately i received a faulty device, i was wondering how i can get my refund or an exchange of it.
this headset apparently works very well but there were too many tiny controls that were hard for me to locate and use. loaned it to a relative to try and he likes it so i gave it to him. if he hadn't wanted it, i would have returned it.
it's too big and hard to attach. i have a hearing aid and it does not fit over it as my older bluetooth did.
ours did not work very well. used it for a few short months and then it stopped working. i will say plantronics was very helpful and supplied us with new (different model)
does not work on all mobilesthe voice/sound quality is very poor.the charger with it is bulkier than a mobile phone
for the high price of 200.both brokeone usb charge plate broke off. won't chargethe other just fell apart the rubber its made out of won't last wires exposed brokeni bought a wired head set for 2 dollarsgiving 2 stars because plantronics replaced both headsets.
you can hear well on this headset but it disconnects frequently and on tge receiving end the callee says i sound like a robot. i would not get this item. i am looking to pay more for a better quality one.
i have been maving a problem with it and they sent me another a then another which is good so we are working to get it right
because this is so bulky behind the ear it's not very comfortable to wear.  the sound quality is good but it's too heavy and bulky to keep on my ear.
i had to send this headset back. i had one before just like it & i loved it. this one lasted about a week then fell apart. maybe i just got the lemon.
not that great a product. there is a lot of wind sound while i drive my bike, nobody can hear me when i drive the bike and talk, i have to stop to talk.the comfort of the product is good though, very comfortable on the ear.
i don't know what happened with this headset. plantronics has always been very good, but this one was awful as well as the next one i got to replace the first one with. after about 3 wks, couldn't hear hardly at all.
"after 6 months it barely holds a charge." i wouldn't say i excessively used it. i charged it based on the instructions. you can't replace the battery. i would go with a less expensive option since the item is clearly designed for planned obsolescence and disposability.
clarity (usually) and fit are there but the rubber connecting earpiece to ear loop split.  this is the second and last  plantronic voyager i invest in.
hello all,plantronics voyager pro battery life sucks.  great ha=eadset, not the battery life.thomas
electronic functions work great. no adjustment for ear canal to top of ear height.  ear gels are just round pieces of silicone rubber. since the ear gels don't rest in the ear canal, i can't get the volume loud enough to hear well with background noise.
it does not work half the time, it doesn't hold a charge i don't like it at all, got it to twice but now it doesn't work
doesnt play music through the headset , my last one did it must be something wrong with this one headset
a bit bulky but secure, my issue is that seems every 4 months it just dies, just submitted my second replacement request.  not sure i want another, but don't want to spend more money on one either.  like it when it works
well. this blue tooth is 'ok'.first of all it's too big and this thing slips out your ear.it's just ok ,i would not buy this one againplantronics discovery 925 bluetooth earpiece (gold) [retail packaging]
it is hard to know if this product performs, it does not stay in my ear.  can't walk or even bend over at my desk without this device falling out. by the time i find an ear loop, the bluetooth will be lost forever.
this worked well with my iphone, but i had to by another one to sync with my s2.  i thought bluetooth was universal?
it is ok.  good sound, but doesn't fit in my ear very well and without a piece to go around my ear to secure it, it feels like it is going to fall out.
i have received complaints that this unit echos and drops my voice.  i find that some of the time it pops and crackles.  i should have purchased a higher quality ear piece.
no one could hear me in noisy places good for a car or office not for outside working or around alot of noisy not worth $130
according to the plantronics web site faq, the battery is not replaceable. in case it is defective, the entire unit must be "replaced". how's that for planned obsolescence?
nice look and fits good but a lot of times i get acoustic feedback and have to hang up and redial my contact.frustrating!!!
the thing sounds fuzzy, full of static, just plain yucky. i figured that if i purchased a high end bluetooth earpiece, the sound would be much better. nope.
it seems like no one hear me clearly when i have it in. i usually have to take it out and talk on the phone. the battery life is pretty good and really liked the rechargeable case that it come with. it is an ok product.
the plantronics discovery 925 bluetooth has a very comfortable fit. very attractive, long battery charge. the only disappointment was the sound quality, which was not the greatest. this was the most important feature for me.
the sound was great if there was no background noise. if there was any background noise whatsoever, the person on the other end could only hear that distraction. i sent it back!
i loved it for the first year, easy to use, very stylish.used it about 15 times and then wouldn't charge anymore.now disappointed.
my earpiece worked fine until one day i picked it up to put it in my ear and it fell apart.
this item is gorgeous and very professional looking, however there were problems with holding the charge and connecting with the phone after hours of charging. i had to return it. stick with the samsung bluetooth headsets if you have samsung phones.
the plantronics discovery 925 was a good buy for what else is out there. i like the fact that there is no wire over the ear but, at the same time, the earpiece feels like it is going to fall out.
this is a great headset but the charging port breaks easily. i'm on my second one. on the positive side the customer support and warranty is great. plantronics will send you a headset before you even send yours back for repair.
i had 2. it was nice while it lasted. clear sound and the other party can hear me clearly. one fine day i accidentally dropped it from waist height and since then, it worked sometimes, and sometimes not. quality issue?
i returned this product because it uses a non standard usb charger. since i have phones, headsets, cameras, etc and i travel i dont want to have a charger for every gadget. my last plantronics (600?)used a standard usb charger. i lost it and plan to go buy another one.
i bought because i lost my blueant.  what a huge disappointment.  too much echo in ear piece on every call.  nice design though, but could use shirt clip.  returned because did not live up to billing  buying another blueant.
i really did not care for the way it fits in my ear.i am sure there is a knack to it.i would rather sell mine cheap.
i purchased this product right here in amazon. it is a good looking bluetooth headset and very comfortable. but mine stopped working after six months. no drops, no getting it wet, it just stopped producing any sounds.
loved the sound quality of this, but didn't stay put securly (especially while on a bike).  maybe the earpiece just didn't fit me, but tried other sizes & still had the same problem.
my bluetooth does no stay charged and it is brand new.  i wonder if i need a need battery already but will be cheaper to buy a new one.
voice quality is ok but its little heavy and ear pains if you wear it for long.
this product was working fine after a month it started to sound muffled. it would cut off and on.you could hear static. ringing you name iti  am very disappointed because it said it was new.i want a refund its only been a couple of months
i performed well, the audio was great, connectivity was easy.  but it was too big for my wife's ear so we had to return it.
nicely designed and i was very eager to enjoy my first bluetooth experience.but, after a while i learned it's not what it's cracked upto be. i had problem with echo and dropped connections.
it is hard to turn on and off and the sound quality is terrible.  everything is distorted, no matter how low the volume. i would not recommend this product.
excellent as a phone blue tooth but it doesn't work well when using on your pc, as conversation lags, when one talks.
does not work very well with my lg vx8300 from verizon. sometimes sound quality is terrible. but hanging up and redial usually gets better. not sure it is problem with my phone or this headset.
it felt ok, i could hear ok with it but i had to literally scream for anyone else to hear me ok while using it
i'm having problems with this headset, but i really don't know if it's a compatibility problem between my e71 and this headset o if it's a headset problem.  i've been trying to get some help from plantronics. got no answer.
got these for my college age kids.  my aon said he could hear okay, but people he called said they heard a lot of static.  he quit using it. he said it wasn't worth it having to repeat everything over and over.
we ended up returning the plantronics voyager 510. the people on the other end couldn't hear us.
the plantronics 510 has nice behind the ear design, so it doesn't feel like its going to fall off easily.  however, when outside with my treo 650 the sound quality is horrible.  if you plan to use this headset indoors, then its perfect.
i only ever used it in a quiet room, but people on the other end complained that they could barely hear me. i returned it.
i found this bluetooth to thick to fit comfortably behind my ear.  it is way to thick.  when i used it and tried it out, i did enjoy the sound quality but i couldn't wear it.
first one i had was great, i wore it out. i bought another same model works terrible sounds horrible will buy another of a different brand. must have  got lucky with the first.
i bought this due to the good reviews on this website and have had numerous complaints from business associates and family that my voice is muffled and hard to hear with this headset.  i have had better success with my cheaper motorola.
everything works as expected however, after 6 months of use, i can confirm that the microphone falls short.  i have to speak loudly in order for it to be clear to the listener and in this age of cubicles and less personal space that doesn't really work for me.
too big and bulky.i was kind of glad my pup got a hold of it so i could have an excuse to get a new one. very difficult to put on especially wearing glasses.did not really fit around my ear.
i don't know if it's just me, but every time i buy a blue tooth it's only great for a couple of months. read the reviews and was excited but slowly performance diminished.
nice fit, but has too much interference and a short range.  will be sending it back.
i am very disappointed with this product. i bought it to use with my treo 650. the sound is terrible. i can barely hear any speech over all the static. of course, the static goes away when i switch to the phone's own speaker.
power button is awkward to access and must be held for three seconds to power unit on.  ear piece is not comfortable.  i would not recommend this headset.
the sound quality is super dooper. however, this thing falls right off my ear. i wish there were options as far as ear pieces or over the head attachments. i most likely have smaller ears.
i bought this one, because the rating was high, however i dont like that much personally. it is hard to turn on and off. think about buying this carefully.
worked like a charm for 2 months. then for no reason stopped working and would not power up. no reason, no trauma to product. do not recommend
i received the bluetooth pretty fast but i am dissappointed with the quality of sound of the product.
the sound quality of the bluetooth is ok. if i use it during driving, my boyfriend even doesn't know im driving except im driving really fast on freeway. but it lasts for only several months.
even with 3 or 4 different ear plus offered, it just doesn't stay in my ear, constantly falls out.
the voice quality from my headset to the other end listener is poor, with a muffled/underwater sound to it.
this item is little over weight so it's pain to keep always over the ear.  also i had complaints about static many times during calls.
buttons were very hard to push and hard to navigate around when driving. it wasn't nearly as comfortable as i thought it would/should be.
when i received the product kind of ok,but after i used for couple of days.the charging  was getting over in like 30 min so i have put it away since reshiping back would not work for themoney which i bought which is $35 bucks.
i bought it and returned it two days later. i had to re pair it everytime i wanted to use it, sound was great, but out of all the headsets i've owned i never had to pair it after the original pairing
i bought this based on the review of sound quality and unless you really like people asking "what did you say" over and over again i wouldnt buy this one, i have to be in a totaly quiet environment to use it and i still get complaints
if you wear glasses most of the time like i do, this headset will not be comfortable for you. in fact, i couldn't keep it on without constantly adjusting it. so the sound was not good. i sent it back for a sony over the head headset.
after a few months of light to medium use:the loudness button got stuck.the mic's wind screen broke off.without windscreen the wind makes loud noise.
this may be a perfectly fine headset but i bought it thinking that i would be able to use it with skype. it does not work with a computer.
i did not try many of these products, but i based this one on the reviews. it is ok, but should be a $20 price tag since it constantly disconnents and hard to use. not impressed.
this was a marginally acceptable product.  it did not live up to its descriptions as a noise cancelling device and it was very  uncomfortable to wear.  i sold it on craigs list.
pros:1.  decent sound qualitythat's all i have for pros.cons:1.  poor in ear fit; poor fit with glasses2.  too heavy behind the ear   slipped off often3.  disconnected from phone every 2 minutesbelow average product that is not worth your time.
it is compatible with aastra 6739i, but the voice quality is poor for conversation. according to aastra's site and reviews this was supposed to be a great unit. disappointing to spend the money on this unit and not have it meet/exceed expectations.
no matter what size attachement, it doesn't stay in my ear.  i can hear pretty well, but everyone hears the background noise around me.  it may make for a good office phone headset, but it's not the right choice for a cell phone headset.
there are much better bluetooth headsets out there, though this one is pretty cheap   in price and quality. the most annoying thing for me was that bright blue led light. this headset is big and bulky, didn't fit my ear well, and was uncomfortable.
the product works as expected. however, it looks really out of style. i do not wanna look like i am wearing a hearing device. i returned this product and replaced it with jabra bt8040. couldn't be happier.
good, easy to use worked fine with my old handset. i recently bought i phone. this is usless now. this has bluetooth v 1.1, this dose not work with i phone !!
junk. tried using for about a week, loses connection constantly. won't answer most of the time when depressing button   had to flip open phone to answer. big disappointment.
only had this bluetooth for 2 weeks and the mouth piece cracked.only a matter of time before it breaks off completely.
the audio quality is quite good. it also works well with two phones. unfortunately the power plug contact on the earpiece doesn't work well (comes off) and i will have to return the product.
this bluetooth doesn't fit properly on the ear. i tried it for a day and i was feeling all the time it is going to fell off. i returned it next day. to be frank, i didn't really test any of its feature much.
the ear speaker sounds like a broken speaker. it worked fine for about a month. i have had several of this model in the past with good results.
i bought them, i used them two or three times for running, and i've to return them because they started to fail because of the sweat.
not comfortable, not good for use in bed due to the way they fit does not work laying your head down.
i had these headphones since november 2012, and over the time it has proven to be cheaply made, bends out of shape easily. on the up and up, sound quality is good.
i purchased this product to use as a bluetooth that didn't go inside my ears. it serves the purpose but the quality of sound isn't good. the headphones are probably really good for listening to music.
i bought these in the hopes of using them while exercising. however, if i sweat in them, they just cut off, shut down, and don't respond for about a day.
it works, so there is the 2 star. however, the bluetooth connection is very. moody. tired with couple devices also use another bluetooth headset to pair with those devices, it's this headset's problem.
they sound great, but if your gonna get sweaty in them think again. mine shorted out about a month after i got them. needless to say they were a waste of money. but if your gonna just use them for some easy listening then they should do the job.
they will break quickly if you sweat.  they worked great for the first two months when i didn't exercise with them.  they i started exercising with them and they immediately broke.  i got a new pair and exercised maybe 4 times with them and they broke again.
i hear a ringing noise comming from the headphones, i would return then but i opened the box too late.
old stock still around and available to purchase. not a good buy. battery stops taking a charge after a few months of use. better off staying with wired ear buds.
i owned a motorola bluetooth device before which i loved so was expecting to have a similar experience. yje s305 worked ok for a few days then just would not turn on after charging.
fits loose and sound isn't that great. bluetooth works ok but noticed alot of popping. can't wear sunglasses with them on. little success answering calls
they worked great the first time i used them. now, as soon as the headphones pairs with my iphone there is humming noise in the right ear. it's loud enough to be heard over the music.it's really annoying and makes the head phones nearly useless.
bought two of these. on both, the + volume broke. would not buy it again, though it has great quality.
too many drop connections to my cellphone. it is very hard to connect to my cellphone and my ipod together.
the equipment has severe static and the callers can not hear the conversations therefore inoperative will need instuctions for a return and replacement.  as soon as possible
worked great for about a year except for intermittently dropping music. i didn't use them much at all  just a couple times a month. now they won't turn on (1 month out of warranty). i'd opt for something more sturdy.
several issues with this headset:1) on incoming calls, when you answer there is some lag time before you can start speaking. very annoying.2) picks up background noise horribly.3) occasionally lots of statici would not recommend purchasing this item.
inconsistent performance.  ok to poor sound.  great concept, but died after 2 sweaty workouts.  i think there's a great market for a good pair of these things that actually work.  these headphones are why motorola sucks.
no range!!! after about 8 ft   nothing! this was with a motorola transmitter.
i was very unimpressed.  even all full volume, they're not very loud and, after only about 15 minutes, started to hurt my ears.  i returned mine.  trying something else.
these are fine, but they hurt the cartilage at the upper edge of my ear after about 2 minutes.  i'm returning them because they are unbearable.  also the rear bow touches my neck in a way which i find objectionable.
these headphones are worn with the strap over the ears and floating above the neck. this means that they cannot be used while laying down.
i bought these about a year ago for bluetooth audio on my pc. the audio quality was great, but while gaming, this product was a poor choice, as the battery would only last about three hours, maybe a little more, and charging wile in use is a no go.
the headset is comfortable while wearing.  problem is that they lose signal a lot while using and every now and then break up.
i bought this a while ago and it only lasted a month or two. i am liking my other vmoda headphones though.
although the bluetooth reception is adequate, the problem i had with the headset is the lack of a seal to keep out the environmental noise that dominates the music coming from the ipod.
i own one of these before and it lasted 5 years however this one wiil not recharged. shipped back to amazon
stopped working after a couple of months
i've synched them up with my idevices and they sound good but lack of windows support is unbelievable. there's a possible work around with some bt adapaters but not on my laptop.
worked great for five weeks then stopped. all i get is a red blinking light when plugged in to charge but they will not turn on.
i loved these headphones, but my second pair just broke. i'm not buying a 3rd.  i really wish it was more durable because i love them!
really good concept. but battery might fail you. however work making the investment twice to get a unit that works
tried for price proposes but low quality. own a sony bluetooth set but they are not available in the usa. great bass and power.
this headset had great sound; but, too small to comfortably fit my head. could only wear for a short period. it is probably better suited to a child or small adult.i returned this item for a refund.
i hate the way these fit, very uncomfortable and hard to put on. sound is fine, but just awkward wear.
i've had this set for about a year and only used it occasionally. now it won't turn on, no light, dead.
i only used this headset a couple of weeks because the people i was talking with complained about background noise and echoes. other motorola headsets i have used in the past were much better!
flimsy, uncomfortable, disappointing, and sounds tinny. they are a step or two backwards in comparison to the older ht820. i bought all of the ht820's that were left i could find on line. eventually the ht820 padding wears out after a few years of constant use.
i returned the headset since it wasn't compatible to my iphone.  when i read the reviews they were from three years ago so not applicable to my needs.
it is not good to use. it is not good to sense. it is not good to look like. i renturn it.
everyone i talk saying close the door or window  i cant realy hear too much noise other then that is good except too much noise when im driving
they connect fine, and they sound great but i cannot even wear these things for more that 20 minutes without the cheap plastic ear clips rubbing my skin raw. going to be returning these as soon as possible.
used em constantly for 4 months with zero problems then they slowly started to cut out worse and worse and that's when there only a couple feet away. fyi i did use the heck out of em.
this headphone was very convenient and played well. then it just stopped charging. very frustrating. can't china make anything that doesn't break in a short time?
i really enjoyed these headphones while they worked.  but then they just stopped.  dead as a door nail.  and wouldn't you figure, seventeen days past the amazon return date.
these work quite well, but only lasted about 5 months until the buttons started malfunctioning, then it started losing bluetooth connectivity. i'm assuming it was the sweat from my workout causing this. so if you're looking for bluetooth headphones for working out, skip these.
rubbish. absolute rubbish. constant squeal in my ear when powered on. 200ms+ delay between speaking and the receiving device responding. terrible mic quality.
these headphones never fit quite right and the extremely cheap quality made me nervous to make adjustments. mostly cheap plastic construction.
hithe sound quality of these headphones is not good as $10 headphones evenwhat is the point of wireless if you cant enjoy the sound ?when joined with mac, it gives clicks. when you listen to song there are silent spaces in between, so annoying.they have a long way to go.
didnt even use these for 4 workouts. like the other comment from someone else stated, they just died and didn't want to take a charge anymore. not for working out!
my first pair worked for a few months then the charge light turned permanent red. i sent it back (1 year warranty) and after two weeks the same thing happened.when it worked, it worked well, but im now 0/2.
horrible! and the mike hardly ever works too! do not like them and they suck! don't buy them, there are a lot better out there.
gone bad after 5 uses.
it was not what i wanted i wanted tge mophi pack not this and i ordered the wrong item so
the size of this battery is quite large. thickness is a bit thicker than my t mobile galaxy s2 and overall dimension is bulkier than the s2. because of the size, i have to return it and went for astro2.
got this for my son. when the product came it appeared to have been a previously used or open item. it's dishonest to pass such products as new. my son did not like it, so it was returned.
does not work with my samsung galaxy tab 10.1, but i decided to keep it for my samsung s ii.
i have several other units similar to this, but the have the cables integrated, eliminating the use to carry all the other cables around with you. charged 2 iphones and 1.5 ipads. decent for the price.
the product worked great for a year then the button broke. i called customer service and they said it's nothing they can do about it.
this thing stopped working out of the blue.  it was a nice ride for about 3 or 4 months, then bam. nothing.
just does not last as long as holed. great product for free but im afraid if i purchased it i i would have returned it immediately. i am out and about too much for such small capacity
bought two of these.  one of the two usb charging slots was faulty   the 1a one   and the connecting cable was faulty too.  i would not recommend this product.
i did a lot of research for this type of item and according to customer reviews this was supposedly the best. so i purchased and i didnt even have it a month before it quit working. i am going to try another make
the unit performed fair. the volume is too low to hear clearly, but when the volume level is raised, the voice is distored. road noise is another problem that interferes with the clarity of the communication. i returned the unit.
this was an utter failure for us.  my wife set it up with her samsung galaxy and the sound while driving was so poor that we just ended up using the speakerphone most of the time.  maybe others have had better luck, but i couldn't recommend it.
a little over a year of purchasing the motorola t505 bluetooth it will not stay powered on anymore. i am looking for a different bluetooth for the car. it was purchased march 2012.
too much static,  radio frequency has to be changed all the timea big disappointment
i purchased this device to help my wife drive hands free and found the volume did not get loud enough to overcome the tire noise in our suv. i sent the unit back and shortly thereafter sold the loud truck. life is more peaceful now.
this is a good buy if using outside of the city are. if using in the city there is still a lot of static in the sound quality.
i bought it because it got good reviews on amazon but have come to disappointed because it doesn't work very well.
the caller on the other end experiences a harsh tinny sound the hurts the ears.radio broadcast sound quality was terrible.bluetooth hook up was easy and other functions were flawlwess.
received fast from seller and was anxious to set it up,and was nothing but dissapointed. has a hard time syncing with android,and the call quality is terrible. shoulda stayed with the jabra cruiser.
great handsfree, good sounds, easy to use, i absolutely loved it.  unfortunately, the connector for the battery charger is so flimsy it only lasted four months and the thing pulled apart.  not a good product if you want something that lasts!!!
ah yes, it was a ray of hope in the ongoing quest to find a blu ray that could easily connect and have great sound quality.alas this is not it.the search goes on.
sound quality squeals. sounds like your talking in a pipe. every body on the other end complains about it, battery lasts a long time. easy to connect. i will be looking to replace this unit. this has nothing to do with the supplier or amazon. its just a lousy product.
i'm finding this is harder to use than claimed in reviews i read prior to buying it and the battery seems to go dead really quickly.
the ipod feture on an iphone will not work. the iphone will not transmit music via bluetooth. as a hands free device for the iphone, that works great just do not expect to play your music.motorokr t505 bluetooth car kit
the write up indicted it was easy to use and was one of the more reliable on the market.  whether the problem was with the device or us; we could not get it to work properly so we returned it!
while i can get it to pair with my phone just fine, the quality of the sound is so poor that it is really unusable.
a bit pricey for the performance, volume adjustment will also tend to make you hang up on the caller and the range is maybe 3 to 4 feet.really a disappointment
very noisy when i talk, even indoor. i had to constantly ask ppl to repeat what they say, and they found its very annoying. used it for couple days, now i use motorola h375 bluetooth headset and its so much better.
this was not a good item for me because i have small ears and the ear piece didn't adjust well to my ear.
nice fit but way too much background noise. (droid x) the only way to stop static was to have phone close to my head but that defeats purpose right?
too, big, too heavy, ear bud too large and hurts ear canal with either ear.  the swivel ear clip is novel and easy to use, but the pain isn't worth the gain.
lots of static on the audio, even when the earpiece is within a few feet of the handset.  the ear bud is sharp and uncomfortable.  the units looks nice, though.
too large   didn't know it would be as large as it is.  totally unlike my previous plantronics bluetooth which was much smaller.
good bt for quiet enviroments.  as a truck driver, i can say this headset is very irritating to the people i call.  way too much background noise!  this device works great in every other respect, but to call it noise cancelling is not very accurate.
i had an older model of this plantronics bt headset. the old one was excellent, but finally died after four or five good years of use.  this one has poor sound quality and short battery life.  disappointing from plantronics, whom i've trusted for headsets for 15 years.
poor connectivity. stops working suddenly after three months of use. lots of call drops. though sound was clear when it worked.
item received did not work.  now have to send back.  it was a christmas gift.
could be much better made. if your phone is in a pocket or not on the side of the bluetooth it tends to be staticky. also does not have a great distance. if the other party has you on speaker it is hard to hear them as well.
these things don't last long and you can't replace the battery.  great sound quality just made like crap. not that durable.
nice ear fit, good volume, but using my htc touch pro 2, it must be within 3 feet to work good. otherwise i received and caused static on calls.  i returned for a jawbone ace.
my experience may be atypical, but the battery on this headset stopped recharging after 6 months. i use two different types of charger bought at different times so i know the charger is not the cause.
keep having to get it replaced went through four already.  it just stops working then the button got loose and couldn't answer or hang up calls.  the only thing  i liked was it was comfortable to wear
this product worked well when it worked, but it has conveniently gone out just over a year and out of warranty.
the unit produces a lot of static and you can't walk very far without it breaking up.
other party can not hear me most of the time.  i had other plantronics headsets and this one is the worst by far.
i'm getting a lot of static when this headset is connected to a built in bluetooth in dell latitude e6500 laptop.changing location and proximity doesn't help.other headsets work much better.sorry, cannot give more than 2 stars to this product.
if the phone is in your pocket, it will be full of static.  the jawbone icon works much, much, better.  don't buy this product.
i have had problems with the sound quality of this device. the volume goes up and down intermittingly. sometimes i can not hear the person on the other end of the call at all. personally, i would not recommend this product to anyone.
i found it to work ok not the best but for the money what do you want.i don't recommend this !
the range is definitely not 33 feet.  there is a lot of static when the cell phone is held at arms length.  only works well when the phone less than a two feet away.
this product just was not comfortable for me, seemed a bit big, picture doesn't seem to reflect actual product size
this has some of the worse sound on any bluetooth headset i've used.  scratchy to the point of not being usable.  note i have a new iphone 4s, and another bluetooth headset i have works far better.don't buy this.
the main problem i had with this device was the volume adjustment. it is not loud enough at noisy environment. the multipoint technology worked fine with 2 phones.
the headline says it all, make sure it is compatible with your phone before you purchase it, otherwise it works great.
noise cancellation was not great compared to other competing products.  and sound quality was not as good as the motorola's.  seemed a little on the large side.  bumping it made it fall off the ear.  looked good but i'm more into functionality.
volume is to low.  the ear piece is also an uncomfortable protruding piece of rubber.  will return if it is not to late. have had it about 30 days.the vendor was quick and cheap.  not sure how they are with returns yet.
i can say without reservation that this is the biggest piece of junk i have ever used.  absolutely horrible in any kind of background noise whatsoever.  please do not waste your hard earned money on this
it came last day of shipping day, and it doesn't work on my phone and my friend's phone which are samsung and motorola. so far i couldn't find any phone works with it, but it works itself.
this gadget is not upto the mark and no voice cancellation at all. it covers only 1 to 2 metrs hardly
this item looked good. sound quality worthless. i thought it was new. but when i received the box it was used. called customer service could not get money back. after two times of use. the button to answer calls broke in two pieces.would not recommend.
could barely hear the person using it from the other phone,voice was muffled, returned the product to amazon
this wasn't a good buy. can't drown out background noise. its hard for people to hear you unless you shout. its just okay.
this isn't the first plantronics device that i've owned.it is however one of the worst bluetooth headset devuces that i've owned.it doesn't fit and the adjustments are very limited.the batterylife is much less than advertised.
didn't fit my samsung s 3 right to where it would charge, didm't work.
very light duty only; if you have a device that requires a 1 amp adapter, then get a better cable. this will work for a short time only. it should always be fine as a data cable, but not as a charger.
this is a very short plug, i can not  put it on my desk at work (too short)please make this plug longer.
does not charge or sync my samsung galaxy s2 unfortunately. posting just in case anyone else is thinking of getting one for their s2.update: ordered two cables. one works and one does not.
it was a nice enough micro usb cable, just not samsung compatible.  the moldings are way to thick to fit the phone.  definitely not as pictured.
the wires are too thin and it does not work well with my samsung phone. i would not recommend it.
cheap, micro usb end broke in less than 90 days and plastic was brittle and broke on both plugs.  i don't think it was high quality plastic or a genuine samsung part.
these cables were described as samsung replacement cables made by samsung, they are not. they are micro usb but they are generic and cheap. that being said, they work for what i need them for.
i went through so many cheap chargers.  they kept breaking and coming loose.i finally decided to spend a little more money for a better quality microusb cable.  the better ones last longer.i don't think these are worth the money.
wires are way too short to do anything with these things. i swear they said 5 feet, but i guess not.
the cables work just fine and it is a good price point but i had to wait over a month for shipment.
i bought this as a gift and was sad to find out that it died shortly after purchase. hoping to return.
item works but so short really can't use unless you have a socket next to the place you wish to plug in your phone
it ain't 3' long.  it ain't samsung oem.  the cable is very skinny and stiff.fits firmly and may actually work.  i donno.  one look and i spent $2 more and got a nice cable.
this cable does not carry a high enough amperage to charge my s3 while it's under heavy use.  so this does not work well with a portable battery pack.  the cable isn't even the samsung one that is pictured.  it's just some generic micro usb data cable.
it doesn't work for some galaxy phones.and it disconnects when the chord is not at right position.don't buy.
came much shorter than i expected but it still did the job. just don't expect this to stretch very far
usb connector and cable started to separate after 12months   cable no longer works. i'm now trying the mediabridge brand, hopefully that'll be substantially better.
bought these upon fiance's request and he is constantly complaining how slow they charge his phone compared to others that he has.
this item works well and relatively good price. but it took 5 weeks until i receive it. of course canada is one of international countries and hard to cross the border. but 5 weeks? hello,canadian. you gotta be patient enough to get this one.
the charger arrived between 1 2 weeks, delivered from china.1) the charger works (this is great)2) the charging cable is short (this is not preferred)3) the phone (samsung galaxy s2) charges very slow, much slower than my other charging cables (this is not good)
beware, this cable is waayyy shorter than the orginal out of the box samsung cable. other than that it is a cable buy with good shipping
the length of this cable is shorter than described, it is stated 3 ft but the actual cable is only 2ft 8 in. (i have many of those 2.5 ft cable and it is almost impossible to use the phone while charging, that is why i am buying longer cable).
says its arrived but, i have not got it yet, i will update this once it comes in and i can use it on my phone.
it works fine and was a great deal, but it takes forever to charge my phone. i was expecting it to be just like the one that came with the phone. great price though.
the picture for on this product listing is innacurate as i did not get a samsung replacement cable but a cheap generic one. can't complain too much its only a buck and change, but this is just to let people know the picture is not what you will get.
this is great if you plan on using it for a week. this thing literally lasted a week and then split. not made for everyday use; only for emergency use, if ever.
you get what you pay for. looks similar to actual cable.  broke within 1 day of use. wires showing thru cable.  buy better quality cable.
i ranked this product 2 stars because i ordered 4 cables and only 2 of them worked. i have submitted a request for a return, hopefully the customer service is good.
i can't seem to get much charge through these   won't work with some things. still trying to figure out how that could be
right after getting this, the plastic around the phone connector broke, exposing the wires. it still charges, but it slides out too easily. that said, i still use it. it works, just real shoddy build.
metal connection piece started bending and breaking after a month of classroom use. thought they seemed sturdy, but definitely we're not.
when cahrging the cord comes loose and occasionallys  falls out.i have to wiggle the cord around to get it to charge. otherwise i am relatively satisfied with my purchase. delivery/price etc all good
i wait for the review because i need it to ckeck if really works or not.din't last long  wasting my money.
the cable does not fit well to samsung galaxy s2. even the slightest touch will unplug the usb cable from the phone.
over 30 days to receive a product? this is absolute bs. 100% not confident that this cable is even worth it. should have just spent $15 and got one at radio shack, this seller is a complete waste of your time.
thin cable makes for a very long charge time and usb connects are kind of loose. got two of them and they're both loose. maybe should have paid a little more for a better one.
micro connection does not fit my samsung galaxy very well at all. charging and data transfer is intermittent depending on the cable being pushed in just right.
cable is hardly a foot long. i can't even connect it to my computer's usb ports and leave my phone on my desk it's so short. real samsung cable is well over a meter long, almost 2 meters. this is less than 2 feet.
would not charge several devices that were plugged into oem chargers, devices would lose charge while plugged into power source.they were at least cheap.
i didnt see how long this cord is but it is short, too short for anything but using it with a laptop. i cant plug it into the wall and have it on my bedside stand. fine for a patch cable to your laptop but not much else.
i guess "replacement" stands for shorter than your standard cable!(about half the length) i personally was not happy about this. yeah it works but if you are looking for something longer than about 30 inches find another micro usb cable
the chord works for charging so far, but it's very short. it's barely long enough to get from the floor to the top of my desk. it looks closer to 2 feet than 3. if i had to do it over again, i'd buy one that's longer.
the price is great, but i have an issue with the cable's length.  i understand it says 3 feet, but it is uncomfortably short.
it came fast but it broke in 2 days. the smaller usb port bend and it doesn't charge my cell phone any more.
it was good for the first few weeks but it becomes short lived because it breaks too easy comparing to actual usd charging cable that comes from one of several cellphone carriers.
i have a galaxy s iii and for some reason these cables don't charge my phone.  but they should work for transferring files.
these cables don't last very long. they are cheap and break just from regular use. i wouldn't recommend buying this.
there isn't really too much to say, the cord works to charge my phone though its shorter than the item description says it is.  the one i received is only a food long.
the shipping speed and packaging was fine but the usb cable is not samsung cable it is unbranded cable probably short. please dont misguide people with the item name as samsung replacement cable, it should be replacement usb cable for samsung devices.
always falling out of the phone. got worse the more i used it. luckily have new phone now, don't need it.
the one i received almost seemed like it was used instead of brand new. went bad really quickly, so i'd recommend if you want a good replacem